Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: we will start
tonight
Timothy Sackton: the Faye realm of Ambriclow, on the borders of shimmer song,
Timothy Sackton: where
Timothy Sackton: seeker
Timothy Sackton: Ah, Sparella and Raven have come after leaving the crystal Peaks and bidding farewell to Picasa
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and passing through shimmer song, where you spent
Timothy Sackton: a fair bit of time, although it's hard to know how long in the fay wild any time is traveling to the grows of stone trees from which the most delicious fruit of all varieties grow, spending time among the forested valleys where giant spiders spin webs of gossamer silver
Timothy Sackton: traveling to the summer court of the light dancer,
Timothy Sackton: vibrant whirlwind of color and song and food and dance
Timothy Sackton: and seek, are spending some time learning the
Timothy Sackton: about the crystallized magic gifted to you by a Lauren,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: fashioning it into a item you can use, which I just added to your character. She
Seeker: great Thank you
Timothy Sackton: now, though
Timothy Sackton: after
Timothy Sackton: a week, two, three,
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say
Timothy Sackton: you've left Shimmer song, and come to the decaying realm of amberglow in search of
Timothy Sackton: Uh, yes, everybody got along. The rest.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and take a long rest. Have a good call Ah!
Timothy Sackton: In search of last light falls the
Timothy Sackton: location of the Fay Crossing that seeker hopes to find
Timothy Sackton: somewhere in the
Timothy Sackton: decaying domain of Abraham.
Seeker: If we didn't, or it was the
Timothy Sackton: where was what
Seeker: of the name?
Timothy Sackton: Out?
Timothy Sackton: It falls about last light falls last light.
Raven: Um, we didn't use our inspiration from last session. Can we keep it, or does that go? Why,
Timothy Sackton: it goes away when you take a long rest?
Timothy Sackton: Good catch. Um.
Timothy Sackton: Amberglow was once a realm of great beauty, of sunsets and rolling hills of golden grass.
Timothy Sackton: But for many, many years, centuries
Timothy Sackton: or longer since the disappearance of the Cloud Spinner, the queen of sunsets, it's fallen into danger and
Timothy Sackton: and ruin. And this is one of the main dangers that the
Timothy Sackton: winter nights guard against, when summer ends and shimmer song.
Timothy Sackton: So, Raven, you are certainly aware of this place. Um, but you haven't traveled extensively.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And to find
Timothy Sackton: to find last light falls the Fay crossing in this domain.
Timothy Sackton: You need a guide,
Timothy Sackton: and Raven has brought you to the border around this
Timothy Sackton: border area called the Golden Hills Um,
Timothy Sackton: an area that was once beautiful rolling fields of grain and
Timothy Sackton: the peaceful Ah,
Timothy Sackton: astral landscape, now a twisting maze of ravines and false paths and dead ends and sudden cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: If I, Raven knows, knows somebody who
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: rumored to be able to,
Timothy Sackton: has spent time in amberglow, and could lead you through, and as you approach a small camp, sheltered on the side of a hill topped by the crumbling ruin of a watchtower.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: raven
Timothy Sackton: umbrella and seeker. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: maybe introduce your characters, and if you want to say one or zero, or one or two or three sentences about what you have been doing in shimmer song. Feel free to do that as well.
Timothy Sackton: And um,
Timothy Sackton: how do you say your name, Mike?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Call us?
Timothy Sackton: See these three people approaching from your camp in the Golden Hills?
Raven: So? Um
Raven: well in Shimmersong
Raven: Well, and she our song Raven, was probably mostly
Raven: just waiting to depart.
Raven: Um! Like keeping to themselves and
Raven: westing.
Raven: Ah, but they are a
Raven: Paul
Raven: figure with a black, half black, half white raven for their cloak,
Raven: um white and black tugs on the Ch. And a
Raven: raven masks strapped to their face with um the head dress behind it. That's
Raven: carved of some sort of
Raven: uh very smooth material. That's half um
Raven: like really pure white and half just like midnight black.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Well, um! I'll just describe. I I have a few. I have a few role playing things, but i'll wait till everybody's done the description. But the description of call us he's he's
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you know, as a well organized camp There's uh, you know, some
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): food sort of neatly stacked on one side. There's a pack you can see
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): uh a a small sort of tent like a almost like a a military tent. Um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): sort of staked out a a crackling fire where he's. You know where there's some
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): cook pot over it. Um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and call us is standing in front of the. He stood up as he, as he noticed your approach. Um is standing kind of almost at like a parade rest. He clearly looks like a a soldier. Somebody has been in the army. Um! He's wearing shimmering uh
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): shimmering like
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): highly polished plate. Armor um in a helm with a with a big red plume coming off the like a horse tail, or some, you know, horse, hair or something. Gloom coming off the back
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and strapped on his back, is like a huge great sword, right like a big sword,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and he's he's um! There's
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): he's wearing a tab
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): with the Roman numeral three on it. Um, and some writing. Um. Do any of you whenever you recognize, drink, quarry in writing.
Raven: Probably not.
Raven: My, Id sneaker.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I don't think so. I mean
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you don't need you. You would recognize I did something written in, drank Korean on the underneath the the three um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): on his tabard. Um.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): He walks
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): middle aged um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but there's a little bit of a
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): hit
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): his he doesn't totally look,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): saying at some. I mean, you're looking at his eyes. You can see like looking at him. You can see he's like uh darting around a little bit like he's. He's not um.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The facade of his, like calm army demeanor is not is betrayed a little bit by um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): by his eyes, and like just a little twitch on his face. And things like that.
Seeker: Well, uh,
Seeker: the seeker is a a dwarf
Seeker: in dark red and charcoal colored traveling cloak, and I elaborately breeded
Seeker: you ever in beard,
Seeker: and as he walks along he is pro or occupied,
Seeker: wearing a sparkly and strange glove on one hand,
Seeker: flexing it, staring at the back of it all of a sudden, thinking of something,
Seeker: turning, rummaging through his bag, getting out a book that he starts to read with the other hand, absent-mindedly, goes to scratch his head with the strange gauntlet that he's wearing, then turns and looks at it in puzzlement, and goes back to the book.
Spirala: Cereala is a a petite, winged fairy, with a useful appearance, but her insightful gaze. Um means that you know the youth is just her fame. Nature,
Spirala: her silvery hair has a rainbow-colored accents; she wears a a cloak that flows such that that it doesn't disrupt her wings or her flight,
Spirala: and a a pendant around her neck with a red gem which coordinates elegantly with her fine attire and her signet ring.
Spirala: Uh, She has no visible weapons, but she has a belt, pouch, and satchel of gear that uh
Spirala: to contain everything she needs for her travels, and she's been enjoying
Spirala: showing off uh tumor song as they walk uh through um having
Spirala: admired uh um,
Spirala: the seekers
Spirala: abilities in their attempt to uh solve a bit of a problem the kingdom was having, and so
Spirala: happily uh taking a walk with him towards his next goal.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): So, as you approach,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): call us, sort of
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): stands sort of looking at you doesn't draw his weapon or anything, but he's, but he's clearly watching as you as you approach, and when you kind of get within earshot, he calls out,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Ah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): travelers and amberglow!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): What a what are you seeking?
Raven: Well,
Raven: we are looking for the something. Something falls
Timothy Sackton: last light
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): last last night falls.
Raven: Um! We have.
Raven: They portal there, and our frontiers trying to return to the
Raven: normal world.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Ah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you from the other side.
Seeker: I am, in fact, I tend to think of this as the other side. How fair is the war,
Seeker: the war!
Seeker: What an interesting question
Seeker: Which which which war might you be referring to
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): which war?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Where?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Where are you from?
Seeker: The uh,
Seeker: the great War? If that's what you mean to my knowledge, ended
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): two hundred years ago. The great war. I
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I don't know if i'd call it that. And profession was
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): struggling to defeat the um. This
Seeker: these are names I do not know. Is that true to him
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and not heard of him?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You must be from far, far away.
Timothy Sackton: Is that Is that true, Tim? This is history, I don't know. Ah, this is
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: Well, you I mean
Timothy Sackton: what this up Emperor Vesting, you know Emperor Vestian was an was a Emperor of drank, or around
Timothy Sackton: eight hundred years ago. Roughly,
Timothy Sackton: there. There is some record of a
Timothy Sackton: Bring quarry in civil war from about that time, but you, Haven't studied it deeply.
Seeker: Perhaps you're referring to historical events.
Seeker: These are long,
Seeker: long past in the world. I come from
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): historical events.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It's been,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I am anxious for news. It has been, I think, a few years that I've been stuck here
Seeker: by the historical step here more than a few years, my friend,
Seeker: and
Seeker: are you from the kingdom of drink or yourself. Is that your allegiance?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): a soldier in the third,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): third Celest legion
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I am a um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): i'm i'm heading to to.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I would welcome your, your your company. I've learned also of this last light falls.
Yeah,
and
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I feel I've
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I feel I've been there before. There's something that's telling me. I know the way,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but i'm heading i'm heading that way to
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): return and and fight for
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): for improvestion.
What
Raven: excuse an unforgiving winter as followed on this one's, mind
Seeker: you think so.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It is often called in this place.
Seeker: Well,
Seeker: it's also often difficult to navigate, so any assistance we can get is welcome. That's for sure.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Wow! The uh!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The path is
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): not straightforward, but
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the main danger,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the long shadow ravine
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): guarded by vonder one I,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): a giant of sorts,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): get past him.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The next step is the Cloud Palace crashed on the ground.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Cloud Palace.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I've been there. But
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): why would I have
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): now? That that's not possible. It must have been a dream.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Uh,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but if we could
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): a wait, the lady even tied
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): See? Why, what
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the lady even tied. Yes, the lady even tied uh will help us help us across if we can gain her favor.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): And then
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): uh the the the last light falls. I have not yet made it to that place, I
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but I've heard tell that it's easy to find if we can find a line of of Cyprus trees, a long line of trees that stretches for miles in a perfectly straight line leading to last light falls
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): as long as you are careful not to touch or disturb the trees in any way. If you follow the path, you will make it to the falls,
You
Raven: very interesting.
Raven: Should we be on our way,
we
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, would you what else eat first?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I have some food
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): some year,
you
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you nice to have company.
Seeker: Oh,
Seeker: do we feel hungry, Tim? Does it seem necessary to eat
you.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: right. So everything in the Fay wild is driven by emotion. Right? So it depends on whether you want to feel hungry or not, like. If the if the
Timothy Sackton: feeling, if the idea of companionship and food sounds appealing, you'll get hungry if it doesn't,
Raven: or even literally never eats.
Spirala: I I was wondering about that whether we ever saw your face into your mask when we were all eating.
Raven: Rah! Raven's like the man the Lori next, if he doesn't have to eat, so she doesn't have to take out from that
Seeker: May.
Seeker: Ah, on second top
Seeker: call us,
Seeker: or perhaps we should
Seeker: be expedient about things and help you strike your camp so that we can be off as even suggested.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Hmm.
Seeker: We were well provisioned to eat on the way as needed.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes. Well, if if you insist, I guess I will, I will just eat very quickly. He goes, and sort of picks up the pot, seeming totally unconcerned about it being hot or anything like that, and can't even tell if it's really hot. Um!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): And just sort of like eats a little bit of stew um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): at.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But the whole thing seems a little like
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I don't know you're not even sure if it's fully substantial food, or if it's like,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): just his imagination at some level. Yes, let us let us strike the tent uh I
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): He starts sort of bustling about after he sort of gulps a little bit of food a little bit messly. He starts sort of bustling about and
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): packs everything down fairly neatly into a pack which he slings on his shoulder.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Just so, so you can easily pull it out.
Seeker: We're headed for this uh ravine guarded by a giant. You said,
Seeker: Now that the thing about ravines is that one can somehow walk around them.
Seeker: It's as opposed to down and through.
Seeker: What's this one like
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The path to the Golden Hills are
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): twisting and and to follow, and
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): not always the same each time
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): that
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): perhaps
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): we could go around the ravine. But
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): in is the only way I know of to come out the right side.
Seeker: I suppose we'll be meeting this giant. Then
Seeker: what What do you know about them,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Tim? Do I know anything about this giant?
Timothy Sackton: You don't you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you know you've passed this way before.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Here
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to send this message.
You
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): there
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): volunteer one. I is a
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): great,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): has has he been defeated?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I think I think the past must be clear.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): He sort of. He draws his sword almost,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and and looks at it for a minute like you could see his sword is like I mean it. It's an impressive sword right uh
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): this.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): No, that can't be.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Did I kill von Deer?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I know
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I apologize. I
I can't seem to piece together what I know.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Ah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I do not think Vandeer is
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): quite mortal. Perhaps
Spirala: maybe a maybe a recurring Uh, giant,
Seeker: this kind of thing,
Raven: why not?
Raven: The fields of your mind have surely been plagued by frost.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, but but fire does
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): key or cold. I. It is easy to warm up by the fire if you are called.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I I do that when I feel cold,
Raven: Not this kind of cold.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): There there are. There are magical colds, but similar. They just chill your body. I know not what you are referring to.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): with this your mind is cold lines. Don't get cold bodies, get cold.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You should learn something of the human condition.
Raven: Humans are
okay
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): uh,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): like Carlos looks around for something happy to pick up, find something heavy, and just like, picks it up and hold it with one hand over his head,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and then, like casually drops it,
Seeker: I guess.
Spirala: Shall shall we discover
Spirala: what you can remember along the path?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, I will endeavor to remember what what I can.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um! Well, perhaps
Seeker: the uh
Seeker: the sights and smells and sounds of the ravine will draw your memory.
Seeker: That's it. There.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): this way.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): As
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): he sets out in the lead. Um, you know he sort of
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): humming uh uh!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Lightly under his breath, seeing kind of an off-key.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Them
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): train Korean marching song.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): None of you can follow the words.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): He seems pleased to be on the move
Seeker: then
Timothy Sackton: passing through the Golden Hills is slow going.
Timothy Sackton: Um, but
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: call us knows the way,
Timothy Sackton: and is able to sort of lead you in and out through these, you know, occasionally having to backtrack, and occasionally, you know, coming to a a dead end, where suddenly a cliff will appear out of nowhere. Or ah, you know you'll be following a a path that
Timothy Sackton: an hour later you find yourself back in a circle, even though you thought you were going in the same direction.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And again it's. It's hard to judge the passing of time exactly, especially because the sun doesn't move in the sky
Timothy Sackton: late afternoon here, and have been for millennia.
Timothy Sackton: But eventually you sort of meander pick your way to
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: a wide open valley
Timothy Sackton: with a ring of
ah!
Timothy Sackton: Of hills, of steep cliffs in front of you, and you can see now the
Timothy Sackton: through those cliffs
Timothy Sackton: that that call us points out as the
Timothy Sackton: um as the Long Shadow Ravine, and you can see where it gets his name, because the whole thing is
Timothy Sackton: in shadow from the angle of the sun.
Timothy Sackton: Uh it. It is dark in there.
Timothy Sackton: Uh not that wide, either, like from this distance it's you can
Timothy Sackton: what you can see the ravine itself. Meat seems to be maybe fifteen, twenty feet across, at least at the entrance,
Timothy Sackton: and it cuts straight through this cliff, still some distance away from it. There's like this wide sort of bowl of a valley uh that you're crossing. But the
Timothy Sackton: hills around
Timothy Sackton: the cliffs look
Timothy Sackton: formidable now. You could, of course, attempt it to climb up, and,
Timothy Sackton: you know, make your way through the hills on the either side of the
Timothy Sackton: of the in. But
Timothy Sackton: from what you know of the fay Wow! That's unlikely to lead actually through the mountains.
Seeker: Is there a water course that
Seeker: Ah created this valium read?
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: seeker would be able to tell that at one point. This was a lake,
Timothy Sackton: and water flew out of this lake in through the canyon,
Timothy Sackton: but it is now
Timothy Sackton: dry.
Seeker: I wonder what drained it,
but it
Raven: Mhm
Raven: and
Raven: it seems as though
Raven: we won't make much progress. Attempting to scale the cliffs.
Raven: We should just continue down moving.
Seeker: I see what you mean.
Seeker: Let's try it that way.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, I think it is the
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the only way to
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): end up on the other side and on the path to the Cloud Palace.
Spirala: We appreciate your creative nature seeker, but
Spirala: from all for the past.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): If if we do find here,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): beware his glare.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I recall it being
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): cursed.
Seeker: Now you're suggesting to avoid having.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, what are you walking as you sorry? Go ahead.
Raven: Uh, probably
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): i'm second.
Raven: So I like to arrest
Timothy Sackton: Raven and spar out on the back.
Seeker: Perhaps we might do well to hide ourselves. Then. Somehow
Raven: I am.
Raven: I consider myself to be quite
Raven: stealthy if
Raven: you wish we could try, and
Raven: I could try, and maybe me and anyone else who is
Raven: sneaky.
Raven: Um
Raven: and
Raven: continue on ahead a little further and see what we face before the entire group
Raven: through, unless we would all just like to attempt to sneak it.
Raven: Sneak forwards.
Seeker: If you're going to scout a head I
Seeker: would appreciate that.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, some
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): some scouting is uh,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): not her, under the circumstances,
Spirala: right? If we,
Spirala: If we could sneak up on him, I might try to blind him.
Spirala: But Let's see how the lay of the land goes.
Seeker: It's a very interesting idea.
Raven: You're sneaking ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Uh
Timothy Sackton: you begin. So Raven detaches from the group and begins to creep forward along the in the shadows along the edge of this ravine
Raven: to reveal like black feathers on the other side,
Raven: and I like Meld with the shadows
Seeker: stuff more to
Timothy Sackton: uh you.
Timothy Sackton: You You travel maybe
Timothy Sackton: three four hundred feet
Timothy Sackton: um, and you come to
Timothy Sackton: uh a
Timothy Sackton: an area where the canyon expands a little bit, so it's maybe twenty, thirty feet or so
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: wide,
Timothy Sackton: and sitting on a boulder in the middle of the passage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Is this
Timothy Sackton: twisted giant
Timothy Sackton: he's. He has one huge eye that like covers, you know, like
Timothy Sackton: a third of his face like that big.
Timothy Sackton: But the other side is just skin just grown over. There's no over his.
Timothy Sackton: I sock it. It's not like a central. I it's just like it's not essential. It's just one eye that's like bulging out of its ad
Timothy Sackton: um, he's told he's got this huge club uh I mean he's a giant. He's maybe fifteen twenty feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: Um, sitting down. Got this huge club That's about the size of you, Raven sort of resting on the boulder,
Timothy Sackton: and He's God has has like arm, his hand up against the
Timothy Sackton: the side of his face that doesn't have the
Timothy Sackton: the I it's kind of looking around, and you can see one of his feet is um
Timothy Sackton: like ha, you know, is like claws, just like almost like a bears foot with like fur and claws, and then he's got this like huge like almost what looks like a a like a like a like a Mini third arm coming out of his back,
Timothy Sackton: but not one that looks like it could do much of anything, but it's kind of like hunched over, because there's this third arm kind of hanging off on this back uh,
Timothy Sackton: and he is
Timothy Sackton: is just kind of sitting.
Timothy Sackton: They are staring, and there are
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: I see
Timothy Sackton: there is a
Timothy Sackton: like in front where what he's looking at in front. There's like a huge uh cauldron, iron cauldron,
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see kind of
Timothy Sackton: standing in front of the cauldron are two
Timothy Sackton: uh they look almost like misshapen statters. You know they have corns, but the horns are all sort of pointing in
Timothy Sackton: strange directions. Got like a little bit of a beard here, but it's like wiry.
Timothy Sackton: They have that instead of they have clothing hooves, but they've got long like clawed hands.
Timothy Sackton: There's one of them is stirring this cauldron, and the others like looking into it,
Timothy Sackton: I mean every now and then, you know, like, reach down with a a ladle or a this this like this big iron ladle, and and pull something up, and you can see this like little like um,
Timothy Sackton: almost like miss, like silvery mist
Timothy Sackton: ripping down off the off the uh
Timothy Sackton: delayed a little
Timothy Sackton: No, dump it back, and and the giant just like kicks the cauldron slightly, and it's
Timothy Sackton: Hmm,
Timothy Sackton: And they keep stirring and like It's almost like he's looking for something. This twisted sider, like creature, is looking for something in the cauldron.
Raven: Can I tell?
Raven: I obviously can't tell what it is they're looking for, because I haven't found it. But I can tell. Can I tell what the material they
Raven: Is it like actually like missed? Can I tell what it what the material
Timothy Sackton: and make a
Timothy Sackton: hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I guess. Investigation check
Raven: twenty-one.
Timothy Sackton: Uh it's It's not. I mean it's
Timothy Sackton: you're not entirely sure what it is. It seems to be something magical,
Timothy Sackton: and it's um
Timothy Sackton: What it looks like is like. There's
Timothy Sackton: like each time they pull up something it's like almost like this sort of silvery, misty kind of net of like swirling something. Each one looks a little different. It looks like maybe there's a bunch of these things swimming around in in this cauldron, and they're looking for a specific
Timothy Sackton: one of these
Timothy Sackton: kind of swirlly misty
Timothy Sackton: uh like, if you imagine a like a spider web. But it's really big, and then it's wet, so it's all like clumped together.
Raven: All right.
Raven: I will um
Raven: swiftly
Raven: return to my friends, assuming
Raven: they don't notice me.
Timothy Sackton: They don't seem to have noticed you.
Raven: I I will just like dart through the rocks to
Raven: just like quickly. Once once I get like a couple like a couple of hundred feet away. I just like dash back
Raven: um
Raven: to return
what they're cooking up in that calendar.
Raven: Yeah, And all of the relays of information to the group.
Seeker: Tim, does that sound familiar with respect to any sort of call grin based? Summoning that I know about, or the creature? There are a little out of your depth here. Um,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, even with your exceptional skills in investigation in our connot
Timothy Sackton: without seeing it yourself just from the second hand description. There's not much hope.
Seeker: What's the total distance we're talking about here.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): How far away it was like.
Timothy Sackton: It was like five hundred feet that Raymond trampled.
Timothy Sackton: So maybe I missed further.
Timothy Sackton: You're pretty close. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And this seems like this opening is like the halfway There's like a little bit past the halfway point of the
Raven: do we want to?
Seeker: Second?
Raven: Do we want to try it? Do they seem?
I mean, Obviously they like twisted and misshapen?
Raven: I'm curious whether we should
Raven: I to me the three Ah, the like three major things we could do
Raven: approach them, assuming they're not
Raven: not even necessarily assuming they're not, but like pretending we're assuming they're not inherently hostile, and like
Raven: seeing if we can
Raven: quickly learn any more information before they attack. Thus
Raven: we just try and run past them. We like to ask them,
Raven: because all we need to do is get past the ruffian,
Raven: or we just walk up and start hitting them with things.
Raven: Those, you know the options paths that we can take to that issue being, of course, that we cannot be seen by this giant, or risk being cursed.
Seeker: So some additional.
Seeker: Yes, scenarios might include creating a
Raven: some sort of diversion of entrance to the giant, and then running around the other way,
Seeker: or finding some way to get past
Seeker: unseen completely.
Seeker: I can project a magical eye into the vicinity to try to learn more up close.
Raven: I mean.
Raven: I feel like we're without like actually seeing
Raven: like hearing from them,
Raven: I guess who I was thinking like approach under. If you, I think the only path to really take. If you want to learn more information is to like approach under the guise of like. Oh, great giant, we bring you offerings of
Raven: offering this, and then, when he tries to kill us like. Hopefully, he says something before he tries to kill us like I said, because it really we just don't know what they're doing like didn't call us. Suggest that we should
Raven: sorry. What?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah. Go ahead.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It's a
Spirala: it. Say it again. Call us
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): it's Glare Had some evilness to it.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): What I can't recall.
Raven: Hmm.
Seeker: So I need to avoid being seen as possible.
Raven: And you know, I wonder if we could sneak up the land and attack that would
Raven: damage its eye before moving like from the shadows before
Raven: moving in. If we're going to fight it,
Raven: we're trying to avoid being seen. We should either sneak up,
Raven: do something to its eye, then try and fight it, or sneak up. Then keep sneaking.
Spirala: That's why I offered to try to sneak up and blind it. I I think that's our most sensible approach. Actually,
Seeker: centers could prove troublesome. But
Raven: how to these, for all, what methods, what what methods do we have to blind.
Spirala: If I'm. Within thirty feet of it, I can cast a spell
Spirala: and hope it works
Raven: that fails. Do we have any alternative, or do we just like? Hold up the globe? It's like, Let me hide one of these.
Raven: I have darts. Can I just like, throw some darth as I
range.
Raven: I'm probably hurt.
Timothy Sackton: It might hurt, but it's not likely to blind in, although you could always try.
Seeker: You take a dangerous approach.
Raven: Just don't hurt very much. They're not very good. I'd rather just hit them
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): uh
Seeker: still matter what
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): could
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): obscure their space with a dense fog.
Raven: How about the dry spiral of spell. And then, if that doesn't work we do, you do like your backup plan?
Seeker: What?
Seeker: Quite close? It might be hard to be even seen all the way up to thirty feet.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): How far away can you make your fog?
Seeker: I might be easier. I can. I can make spirits smaller if necessary.
Raven: I believe fairies have a casting of the March slash reduce they can use for free.
Spirala: No, but I have a large reduce in blindness
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the wizard spell. There's no wizards out there.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): No, yeah.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Why would Secret have it? Because down with this has that Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): exactly all we deal with for here.
Seeker: Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um,
Raven: I mean. And large reduce on a small creature basically is like,
Seeker: Yeah,
Raven: can you get and tiny like? What if we use two and large reduce
Raven: like, actually, what would happen
Raven: if you use them large. Reduce on a small creature. You'd make them tiny when you're using a tiny creature,
Timothy Sackton: the I mean there's no size smaller than Tiny, but you could make them.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, what does the spell say?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You can't. You can't.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But dv mechanics to the same spell doesn't affect like if you guys blight blast. Yeah, you can't cast the same spell twice on the same creature, even if concentration.
Raven: So never mind them.
Raven: I mean, if we think that's enough.
Raven: We can try that.
Raven: I assume you'd be pretty sneaky, as like a low,
Spirala: smaller version of myself.
Raven: Yeah.
Raven: And if that fails we can drop fog, and i'll rush in to save you
Seeker: now. If only someone had a scarf, then we could try something.
Raven: Sorry! What?
Seeker: Sorry
Seeker: I don't have A.
Spirala: We have a cloak,
Seeker: perhaps, like large enough to tie around the giants. I have a bet. I think I have a bed role. I have a bedroom, a a bed roll is an interesting idea. How big did you say that Giant's head was because
Seeker: I could wake up your bedroom,
Seeker: have it fly itself over and attempt to tie itself around
Seeker: a blindfold,
Seeker: a living blindfold.
Seeker: Of course the well, or shake it off, but it could work.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): We can tie two bed rolls together and then animate them, is the giant. How big is the giant? It's not fifteen feet tall. Yeah, right? Yeah. So a quote is plenty big enough to find it, but right
Spirala: for our bedroom. So just something to toss over the head. Yeah,
Raven: Alright,
Raven: one of you wants to have your cloak, fly up and
Seeker: call us. What about your tent? You just packed it up and brought it with you? Didn't it? Yes, so I could animate the entire tenth and have it
Seeker: fly up over the giants and drop itself down onto his head.
Raven: That would probably be less effective than a
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes. Well, here, uh, why do you say that?
Raven: I mean
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): having something on top of your head seems less effective, but having something tied to your head,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): canvas tent can like totally get all in its space right? It could wrap around
Raven: fair. We do that. And then we
Raven: How far away can you do that from? Because it would obviously see the tent
Seeker: that for a second,
Raven: like what happens if it just sees the tent flying through the air
Raven: and the sadders kill it.
Seeker: Yeah,
Raven: it seems like a problem.
Seeker: I can try to send it on a wide route around and then approach from the back.
Seeker: But what's the range which I can.
Seeker: It upays your commands.
Seeker: We use attraction as a
Spirala: Can we ready these things, one after the other, to just sort of
Timothy Sackton: so it So you have. You can animate something within thirty feet of you, and it obeys your commands, which means Basically, within hearing range. You can. You can control it as long as it can hear you,
Seeker: but it will continue carrying out a command after it's out of range
a plan
Timothy Sackton: uh
Seeker: cover the giant's head,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: no it doesn't it's not it doesn't have like uh
Timothy Sackton: it says
Timothy Sackton: the only action it takes on his turn is the dodge action, unless you take a bonus action on your turn to command it, to take another action. So you need to be like it. It doesn't it doesn't have the capability to execute a
Timothy Sackton: complicated plan independently of you. But what we can do is
Raven: we can. We can all go in there like stealthily,
Raven: with an animated ten or not, with an on. How long does it take you to animate?
Seeker: I think that's just an action
Raven: action, and you can command it with the same like turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I believe so. Yeah, because it's commanding. It's a bonus action.
Raven: You can speak up. Then we can surprise them.
Raven: We'll. I'll jump out of the bushes and do our different blinding things. We're obviously starting with um,
Raven: because that's the most effective, but least like we did. No, probably about the same likely to work with anything else, but also the most effective. Um:
Raven: Yeah. And then whoever just follows. So basically we should. Now that we have like three different ways
Raven: to blind him,
Raven: we should just go and try and blind them. I think we haven't got three to do it.
Raven: Well, i'm going to try to get close and stay in. Yes, but you should. Also. We're going to. I think we're going to sneak in with an unanimated tent and us. Okay,
Spirala: Thanks. I think that makes sense. Yes, how star is your range again, Seeker.
Seeker: Well, it's
Seeker: as I attempted.
Timothy Sackton: I think it is. You have to be within thirty feet of an object to animate it, and then it has to be within earshot of you to continue to do anything
Seeker: right. I can shout to it.
Timothy Sackton: I can hear me, even if I can't see it. Well, it's not very selfish. It's like I mean it. Doesn't basically as long as you're not incapacitated or really far away from it.
Timothy Sackton: They can. You know it can do stuff just
Timothy Sackton: just you can't. You can't, unless it's right next to you. You can't whisper commands to it right. If it's, it's a hundred feet away. You've got shout, can't be stealthy.
Raven: What we would do, though, is we? You'd have it like in the bushes with I'm. Assuming there are like rocks and stuff to hide behind in a ravine. Right? It's not
Timothy Sackton: just a flat, baron.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: there's not a ton of of
Timothy Sackton: like terrain to hide behind.
Raven: But are there at least any like fallen rock rocks? Or
Timothy Sackton: there is there? Is there is a few
Spirala: something small enough for a reduced ferry to hide behind.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that's like,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that there's I mean a tiny creature. Can I find anything?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: there's just not a ton of,
Timothy Sackton: you know, like big boulders that a medium-size creature could hide behind There's like one that raven was hiding behind
Timothy Sackton: um sort of towards the entrance.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): This
Raven: I
Raven: I mean I it it's we, we, I I I also have a way to.
Raven: I forgot I had this
Raven: because I was considering taking a different magic item.
Seeker: What if you can
Raven: think of an ever smoking bottle?
Timothy Sackton: No, I think you took a different magic item.
Timothy Sackton: You took that dragonhide valve.
Raven: Okay,
Seeker: didn't we all get? Oh,
Timothy Sackton: oh, you all got a wizard can check.
Timothy Sackton: So you leave the fay wild.
Raven: I took message.
Seeker: Um, I looked at them, but didn't choose one
Raven: I was planning to. I forgot to do this, but I was planning to before the end of success and the session just message someone, and just be really creepy.
Seeker: Wait! I'm going to pick my in random.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): There's a fair number there's about twenty wizard kin trips. If I roll a d twenty. I'll just get that one
Seeker: we should. I'll take the eleven to one
Seeker: right.
Spirala: I made myself tell you
Seeker: Nice
Raven: Actually,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): let us let us
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): here call us, takes out his tent and hands it to you.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): This
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I I hope you can
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): bring honor to this this tent seeker.
Raven: Eighty hundred.
Seeker: Oh, I missed part of that, I think,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I said. I hope you can bring honor to this tent
Seeker: as do I
Seeker: as a do I?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So here's the rough
Timothy Sackton: set up
Timothy Sackton: as you approach. Uh which direction are we coming from?
Raven: That's always the direction you come from. Otherwise you're doing your own.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I didn't even like, Find the
Timothy Sackton: That's okay. I can make a You'll just be a plane to again. Yeah, I need t tokens to.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): We need a tent to from my echo night.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay. Ten token. Okay,
Spirala: a token that says C. For call us and the for appetino. I can't move the revenue you put down, but I can move the raven I put down to you. So we the other one.
Raven: Sorry I I did that once. I did. I did that one time, actually,
Timothy Sackton: because I was just making the map right now while you were making your plan, because I hadn't done anything in advance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now, you should be all that.
Raven: Yes, look at me. I can move
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): now. Is that one supposed to that
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): that crummy token supposed to be me? Tim?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'm just putting it in your journal. Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I should have made a It's didn't didn't have the time to make a character image. It made one. I I was doing nothing in time I should have. I should have asked you. I didn't even think I literally. I literally watch like eight hours of the Simpsons today, and it's all I know in time.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): That sounds like a valuable education experience. Yes,
Timothy Sackton: there's your There's your two tokens.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Can I make an or on one of can I change? Let's see
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): there the red dot one is is my echo.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry.
Timothy Sackton: There you go. Okay,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um, Which doesn't exist isn't out yet.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But I mean things are going to start happening. We're two the maps too small. We're gonna have done stuff before we're within sixty feet.
Timothy Sackton: Well, How? How far? Okay, I'll make the app with that easy to change. How much space do you want? Wow! The range and Fog cloud is one hundred and twenty feet.
Raven: I I think we and Sparrow both do, though
Raven: elite
Raven: thing can go ahead with stealth. But yes, yes,
Spirala: the sneaky warrior and the ferry are going first stealthily. That's twenty-eight for self. By the way,
Seeker: here again,
Raven: Yeah, because, like they, they kind of rather say the nineteen for an attack or a bull like,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, put yourself wherever you want,
Raven: hey?
Raven: You know. Actually
Raven: like probably more like
Raven: here. You like not there,
Raven: thank you. There,
Raven: How far away. I only have
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): actually. Now, of course, if you guys screw up and need help, we're not going to be very close
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): as a way to help you,
Spirala: but you can immediately through your fog, which goes very from very far away. Right? Yes,
Raven: I mean there's no reason for me to be closer than
Timothy Sackton: okay. Well, the first thing
Timothy Sackton: everybody everybody needs probably needs to roll, Steve. I did.
Raven: They got twenty eight.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah. If I need to roll stealth. Things are going to go badly,
Spirala: and I will. I can mess it. So is it going through?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Oh, wow, look! I got a fifteen.
Spirala: It's just showing up as the dice that rules, and I don't know why it's not connecting to
Timothy Sackton: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: That's fine. I I just
Raven: oh, so just my!
Raven: I'll just point to
Raven: I'll point to Sprella, and then
Raven: i'll point to everyone
Raven: like over the course of like twenty-ish seconds,
Raven: and send them all the message
Raven: You can reply to this in a whisper.
Raven: Um! The only I can hear um. Just say
you can.
Raven: I'll give the signal, and then we go.
Okay.
Raven: The signal
Raven: will be me
Raven: running and hitting the thing in the face
Raven: possible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you're all beginning to
Timothy Sackton: straight forward with um
Timothy Sackton: uh with
Timothy Sackton: uh, as a tiny ferry and
Timothy Sackton: uh raven sneaking along
Timothy Sackton: about sixty or so feet in front of,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: call us
this,
Timothy Sackton: and you get, you know you begin. You begin to creep, creep forward slowly, trying to stay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, stealthy um
Timothy Sackton: raven and aspirella kind of
Timothy Sackton: raven staying to the shadows umbrella, trying to like flitter like along the sort of edge of the cliff, where she's out of sight, and um
Timothy Sackton: uh out of
Timothy Sackton: you know, unable to be easily spotted by the um
Timothy Sackton: Ah, by the
Timothy Sackton: creatures
Raven: um! A whisper to spell a
Raven: how much closer do you need to be your blindness thing?
Raven: Because once you do that,
Raven: I think i'll run out when we can all do all our things
Spirala: give you a significant look to be stealthy, and I will remind you, if that gaze that I had said thirty feet long time ago
Timothy Sackton: the the
Timothy Sackton: at this point. Now you can see one of these
Timothy Sackton: uh one of these creatures like
Timothy Sackton: found the thing it was looking for, and and pulls it out, and the giant turns and looks
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: like waves, waves his hand in the
Timothy Sackton: the sort of twisted satcher walks up and hands that he he takes. He takes his lato, which is very large of the satter, but tiny, for the giant is just holding it like it
Timothy Sackton: like pours the the thing into his mouth,
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: proposes, as I for a moment, which is convenient because you are not completely stealthy as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: where did you roll for south? Six,
Timothy Sackton: sixteen
Timothy Sackton: in terms?
Um.
Timothy Sackton: Looks in your direction. It looks sort of down the canyon in the direction you're coming like points to the two.
Raven: Yeah, The answer is, no, but couldn't. I just use my twenty-eight self, and just hold scroll in my hands like this
Raven: like, Put her in my pocket, or something
Raven: just like
Raven: a
Timothy Sackton: uh
a.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you probably could.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: but
I mean
Timothy Sackton: it won't change. The fact that the
Timothy Sackton: callous and
Timothy Sackton: and seeker are not totally quiet down one hundred feet away. Hey? I won't change the fact that they suck in it.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I got a fifteen. I mean
Timothy Sackton: it's not terrible points. The giant points to the two
Timothy Sackton: satellite creatures, and
Raven: and that
Timothy Sackton: they begin like sort of heading this way,
Timothy Sackton: and he stands up,
Timothy Sackton: picks it. He put picks his club over his shoulder. Kind of looking around
Raven: it. You doesn't seem to have spotted Raven Ors Barella. Yeah, because, you know,
Raven: you can. Can you come like
Spirala: I can't move my token at all. Okay,
Spirala: Nothing is doing anything when I touch anything on this computer, is there? Are they a map.
Raven: No, no, no, I'll fix that all done.
Raven: You will. Okay, try now. No,
Spirala: that works
Seeker: me,
Raven: because, like as soon as the big guy gets to the range we want to just
Spirala: oh,
Raven: so like, sinks up along the wall.
Raven: Little tiny ferry
Raven: things are we allowed to like?
Timothy Sackton: Why do you try? What are you doing? Well,
Spirala: i'm trying to cast a spell as soon as i'm allowed.
Spirala: What? Why, don't you?
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you roll Initiative
Raven: Nine. I got a four. But you know, whatever
Raven: twenty, one,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): nineteen.
Seeker: Push that roll.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, let's just have everybody roll just for simplicity Nineteen.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Sorry. What did uh
Timothy Sackton: raven I got.
Timothy Sackton: We all got a twenty R, then nine
Timothy Sackton: seeker
Seeker: nineteen.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um,
Spirala: yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): yeah, I got an idea. I don't know why it says twelve,
Spirala: because it took my first role because it doesn't know I have advantage.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You rolled with advantage. You rolled a twelve and a seven. How
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I didn't realize that I rolled the second time because I didn't. Okay,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): two d twenty. Keep this one. Yeah, yeah, I didn't. I didn't. I didn't know that it was smart enough to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: So at the moment
Timothy Sackton: Sparella and Seeker
Timothy Sackton: I mean It'sbrella, and uh,
Timothy Sackton: as far as you can tell, Spiralla and Ah, Raven are hidden, and these two creatures are going to
Timothy Sackton: walk.
Timothy Sackton: They beat you on initiative.
Raven: No, that's an action. I don't want to do that.
Timothy Sackton: That purple circle. Your
sorry
Timothy Sackton: you are what you can, if you want to take an attack for opportunity on them with advantage. But you'll lose your being hidden
Timothy Sackton: as I walk past you walking down in this direction,
Timothy Sackton: and then one of them uh shouts back, visitors,
Seeker: any of that
Timothy Sackton: You have not been noticed. What you like to do?
Spirala: I am casting.
Spirala: Find this deafness
Timothy Sackton: that go through.
Spirala: Did that do anything? This is a problem.
Spirala: It needs to make a con safe.
Timothy Sackton: That is a twenty four
Timothy Sackton: mission abort. Giants usually have fairly high constitutions. Giant stands up, looks.
Timothy Sackton: Who is there
Timothy Sackton: who would pass?
What are you doing?
Seeker: Slow?
Timothy Sackton: I need a tent here.
Raven: You already animate the tenth.
Seeker: Um.
Seeker: Oh, yeah, The animated performance lasts an hour, so I have animated
Timothy Sackton: It's like hanging back over here
Timothy Sackton: time for the heroic story of tent,
Seeker: so I can cast as well, and also command the ten,
Seeker: because that's a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: I think you should be able to control the ten. Now
Seeker: I will cast slow on this date area.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: with a forty foot cube wisdom saving through that'll get both of them wisdom save they are not
Timothy Sackton: noted for their wisdom. One of them succeeds. One of them fails. So this one here is load.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And as a bonus action,
Seeker: and I sent the tent forward at its maximum speed
Seeker: of thirty feet.
Seeker: It's gonna take a while to get there.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it can move, and so it can go sixty feet.
Seeker: Okay, so
Seeker: it will zoom past the
Seeker: It's not yours
Seeker: up about theirs. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's about right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, okay,
Timothy Sackton: Cat palace all right.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): so
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): callous runs up thirty feet,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and then a gray, shimmering echo of callous appears fifteen feet in front of him.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): That's my bonus action. I've used my move in my bonus action. The echo, as a free action can move up to thirty feet. It runs up to there, and then you see, it swings at the seder, but it callouses sword, like briefly appears in the echoes hands
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and i'm attacking
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): that's trippy i'm attacking the seder the non-slowed seder.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I will make my attack.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, I assume that hits
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): twenty-seven uh yup
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): it's a seventeen damage, plus
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It's going to be more than that because i'm going to do a dreadful strike,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): so it will be eighteen damage.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, that my attack again. Spectacular.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Uh: So it takes for
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um. It needs to make a Dc. Fifteen concentration, say
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Constitution Constitution fails. Okay. So the situation states are also constitutional.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): So it takes the that four points of image. It actually takes the start of its turn.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): So it takes fourteen damage now, and four at the start of its turn.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): My second attack is twenty-five
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): that it's, and that does twelve damage.
Raven: This is the thing that does extra damage per wound. Uh, yes, but you can only wound a creature once per turn right,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and I can only do my psychic extra damage once per
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): turn, and i'm not going to bother using my other stuff on it.
Raven: Whoa, Now, what was that, Paulus, but that's what we made it here now. Oh, you made a better version of me cool, but he accidentally made it too big. So the month of the battlefield they just like when he was.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, I was afraid it was the giant. For a minute I was like what's going on
Raven: it just like
Raven: slip out of the shadows.
Raven: I probably should have taken an opportunity to, because I can't get to the giant.
Raven: Well, still being stealthy, Right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I mean, maybe I should fought quite at the giant, but
Timothy Sackton: too late. Make a stop. Make us another stealth check. But with disadvantage,
Raven: Right? Okay,
Raven: the shrimp is a nineteen great, great, great.
Raven: It's like her, all the twenty three.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, you sneak up on him. He doesn't see you coming.
Raven: I just like slipped through um the shadows of the cliff,
Raven: and then just appear next to him and pull out this
Raven: blindingly bright blue, short sword, and just
Raven: and I will slash at him twice
Raven: what the first one was advantage. Right?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah. First you just whaling up there. Okay. The first one is seventeen
Timothy Sackton: uh seventeen hits,
Raven: and that will be
Raven: a total of
Raven: sixteen damage.
Raven: Um,
Raven: seven of which is, that is relevant. Okay? And then I will hit it again
Raven: or not. Well,
Raven: um
Timothy Sackton: twelve messes,
Raven: and then I will on our
Raven: well my
Raven: blacked and gloved hand, and just and it
Raven: it will take.
Raven: I must have been twenty six hits. Yeah,
Raven: and I will
Raven: hand of
Raven: harming.
Raven: So it
Raven: eight plus five, so thirteen.
Raven: So a total of thirteen, plus whatever my first attack did, probably I think it was a good Yeah, I got it.
Raven: Um, that's one key point.
Raven: And so I and it's poisoned. Yes, and it's poisoned. Raven just like steps out of the shadows, slashes twice with this like brilliant, frost-covered blade, and then just
Raven: black crystals of ice
Raven: right around
Raven: their hand, and they just slam it into the giant's chest, and it's like
Raven: webs of like black,
Raven: like like venom, like
Raven: spread through the giants veins,
Raven: and it's poisoned. And all of a sudden
Timothy Sackton: it like slowly turns to look at you and look down the the
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: the cavern, the canyon at at the rest of you, and it says, Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah
Timothy Sackton: class
Timothy Sackton: n of giving up memories
Timothy Sackton: trying to fight me
Timothy Sackton: work, but we did.
Raven: Is my bonus action on our strike at some point.
No.
Raven: Why does it. Take you.
Raven: What is that?
Timothy Sackton: That's if you flurry a blow as you can do an extra. No, that you can use a monk weapon.
Raven: Oh, no, what? All right, Number One:
Raven: Yeah, sure, yeah, turns and
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: turns its eye and stares it. Raven.
Timothy Sackton: Um make a charisma saving throw.
Raven: Is it against being charmed.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no!
Is it against poison?
Raven: No, he's imaginable sleep
Timothy Sackton: now.
Raven: Eighteen.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, You take
Raven: that. That was a straight roller,
Timothy Sackton: one thousand eight hundred and sixty eight. You take fifteen points of psychic damage, but you are not cursed.
Timothy Sackton: How that hurt any then takes his club. Winters bite, freeze your slams that down on your head just bent eighteen eight hour disadvantage. That's an eighteen to hit. Aha! I have a nineteen ac nerd
Raven: you, Miss Loser, Duck out of the way
Timothy Sackton: turns, looks at you, and he says
Timothy Sackton: you could just give me a memory.
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't have to fight
Raven: You'll wait.
Raven: Oh,
Spirala: now it is a Toll Road,
Spirala: it seems.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: the two
Timothy Sackton: demonically cursed, Satter-like creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: one of the mark of this very slowed. One. Okay, So let's see
Timothy Sackton: um, Eric. Well, at d twenty.
Raven: You might if you're a penalty that I see in Texas.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what is? Remind me what I I gotta check what sledge I would. It has a minus two penalty to Ac. And decks saves.
Timothy Sackton: Can't use reactions. It can use either an action or a bonus action. So what the slowed one begins to cast a spell, but it's like just moving Super slowly,
Timothy Sackton: and the spell does not take effect until it's next turn. If it's alive.
Timothy Sackton: The onsload one
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Well point at
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: at Kias,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you need to make a wisdom saving throw,
Timothy Sackton: you begin
Timothy Sackton: to just perceive this entire situation as like the funniest thing that's ever happened to you, and you start just giggling
Timothy Sackton: and then laughing, and you fall prone, and our in capacity then
Seeker: as well,
Timothy Sackton: and that has their turns for all. You're up
Raven: Ghosts
Raven: all right. Yell back. This thing's tough. Might not be worth trying to do
Raven: um trying to blind it again.
Spirala: Yeah, I was kind of thinking that
Spirala: there's nothing else you can do, though I really appreciate it.
Raven: Um, they got the centers down there. We just need to.
Raven: They got it. They're fine, they they they! They're certainly not going to die,
Spirala: I mean. Does it do any good to have it be paralyzed.
Raven: Ah, the giant. Yeah. Ah, yeah, that's really really doesn't that mean like Yes, it's really good
Timothy Sackton: i'm. We're a cast-old person. It's not that it's a giant.
Spirala: It's humanoid.
Timothy Sackton: It's not your legs.
Spirala: Oh, that's why you need to hold monster,
Raven: that's just the whole thing the better.
Spirala: Nobody told me that. All right. Fine you're gonna be next. I just thought cause it had legs. It was he would not. Yeah, no, it's It's no, it's reasonable. Yeah, all right. So I did think about this. I wasn't. I was trying not to slow everything down. That was my plan. But now I didn't get the definition of humanoid. Right? So
Raven: okay, um,
Raven: i'll just ask your Wizard can trip.
Raven: I don't do that.
Spirala: Um,
Spirala: I will cast
Spirala: something, Bernie.
Spirala: Something, Bernie. I like it. Protein Ray:
Spirala: Okay, Sounds promising.
Raven: Uh, what are poison to do? We should probably look at this
Timothy Sackton: just disadvantage on the tackles,
Spirala: all right. Well, I don't know.
Raven: Yeah,
Spirala: So this sends three rays of fire
Spirala: at that guy in a row.
Raven: It just doesn't take you to the
Spirala: and it's.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where you can go.
Spirala: I am, but
Spirala: if it doesn't show up in Talgar one shots I don't. I don't know where it shows up. It shows up in Indy beyond.
Raven: We can see
Raven: everything
Timothy Sackton: as long as we're in deem to be out of the exact. I don't see Sparrow as roles anywhere. Are they rolling on your screen?
Spirala: I am losing spell slots when I click cast.
Timothy Sackton: But that's all the time when you click on the when you click on a die, does it roll somewhere,
Timothy Sackton: you see, like dice all across your screen.
Spirala: Yes, that's what I see when I
Raven: Okay, um, should I?
Spirala: But in terms of cat
Spirala: the
Spirala: technological difficulties aside. Um,
Spirala: i'm trying to
Spirala: two d six plus nine. That's what i'm trying to accomplish,
Timothy Sackton: and it will. They need to hit first, if you want to pay scorching red. You passed. You
Timothy Sackton: make it a tackle.
Spirala: Ok, scorching rate to hit seven plus nine equals sixteen.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Spirala: Okay.
So, mom,
Spirala: then it's
Spirala: six plus three equals nine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Now I do it again,
Spirala: and another six
Timothy Sackton: No make another attack or
Spirala: another. Tackle.
Spirala: Six,
Spirala: twenty-five
Timothy Sackton: that it
Spirala: and then that's five,
Spirala: and i'll roll the tunnel again. Sorry it's taken so long
Spirala: That third one is only a thirteen
Timothy Sackton: that misses.
Okay,
I think
Spirala: you have beyond when you
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I don't understand. So as three rays fly out from spiral to hit it, you are also not.
Spirala: You click on it
Seeker: of immunization.
Timothy Sackton: I just muted them for a minute.
Seeker: Okay, thanks.
Seeker: So let's see the range for the tent.
These
Seeker: I can't get in range of the giant and attack at this turn. Is that true? Can make a dash, and it has to dash to get there
Seeker: all right, so we'll dash to get
Seeker: beyond it if it's possible. Or now it's just going to get right up to it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
I will do that.
Seeker: Let me put here
Seeker: secret one
Seeker: briefly move forward towards the combat at least a little bit,
Seeker: keeping to the left of the reading more or less.
Seeker: And so because I have slow, active, I can't do
Seeker: another concentration,
Seeker: but I can do something else.
Timothy Sackton: You can do anything that's not concentration
Timothy Sackton: callous. You're next. You can make another save at the end of your turn,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but I can't do anything else.
Raven: You can't do anything else. Yeah, And it's my turn. I it's hit things again.
Seeker: I will do an earth and grasp.
Seeker: Oh, I can't fix those sadders, can we?
Timothy Sackton: You pick one? But Earth and grasp is also concentration.
Seeker: Oh, i'm not gonna do that. Then i'm sorry
for a couple of reasons
Seeker: on that is
Seeker: so I probably wouldn't replace it with a different spell.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Slow as useful. Keep slow up.
Seeker: Oh, yeah, definitely. Um.
Seeker: I will do interrupt
this.
Timothy Sackton: That's good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: yeah, exactly, it makes that difficult to rain. But
Timothy Sackton: they have minus two to deck. Save this load. One. Okay, one fails. Then the slowed one also fails.
Timothy Sackton: Nice. So both of them take
Timothy Sackton: this one is Dad,
Timothy Sackton: which means the spell ends, anyway. So oh, so this So the spell ends so on. So you don't lose your turn.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Oh, cause he hasn't gone. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: because Seeker was just taking a lot was taking a long time. This one
Timothy Sackton: is still up and still slowed. Okay, Now it's your turn. You are still prone.
Oh, it doesn't matter.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I wasn't gonna
let's see.
Raven: And it's puppet dance,
Timothy Sackton: and this is all difficult to right now. That's unfortunate.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, Wait, hold on now. I have some collateral damage.
Raven: I mean, it's better difficult to rain. Then you can't do return so
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): absolutely. Ah, you just hit the other Saturn.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah, i'm just gonna i'm gonna Well, i'm gonna do something. I'm: gonna start by making one attack against the center.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Seventeen.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, seventeen
Timothy Sackton: hits
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): okay. Ah, thirteen down and
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): thirteen flashing in three psychic damage.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Is he dead?
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): All right. I will just attack him again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The sixteen hit
Timothy Sackton: us
Timothy Sackton: sixteen just misses
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): All right. That's too bad.
Raven: That is too bad.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): That ends your turn, Raven, You're I still have a bonus action to move action. Okay, So it's difficult terrain. One,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): two, three, That's not that far.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um. I will use a bonus action to hold on a second. I just need to see how this works. Sorry
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I swap places or
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I don't really want to. Just
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): i'll just use It's half your half your movement to stand up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Happy movement to stand up.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, and athletics. Doesn't. You can't stand up faster with athletics.
Timothy Sackton: No,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): fifteen, one, two, three,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): yeah, or her, I guess I don't.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I'm going to move that to there.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, i'm done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. The giant is now going.
Raven: You skip me because you skip me my turn. You're you're up, you're up! Sorry I kill giant. Not yet. I hit him very hard.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um, go sorry. Go ahead. As to the set, the the the sider also has to take uh make us a con safe
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): basically
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
thirteen.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): So it'll take one point at the start of its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Raven: Crystal Shirt sword first attack misses
Raven: twelve. Okay.
Raven: They can attack
Raven: also. Mrs. Eleven.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um. First wait. Did we skip the tent.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's on. Seeker's turn. It moved. Okay, it need
Raven: thanks for looking at the tent. First arm strike. It's twenty, seven. I'm. Seeing hits that is,
Raven: oh,
six.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So first, although Dodge is out of it, doesn't really dodge It's just big, and it's
Timothy Sackton: your first two swords. Just kind of
Timothy Sackton: don't seem to affect it at all with its tough skin. But then you manage to
Timothy Sackton: sneak in a punch,
Timothy Sackton: and
Raven: then I will
this
Raven: so then I will just.
Raven: Ah, i'll just free and attack again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Second punch,
Raven: Not one.
Raven: It was a great, too. We did, too. Um lately misses.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that it turns kind of laughing at you, and it First of all, it turns and it looks It's Brella. You need to make a charisma saving throw
Spirala: sixteen.
Timothy Sackton: You are also not cursed.
Timothy Sackton: You take nine points of psychic damage,
Raven: and then I will swing. I should have wait when it attacks me. Can I do my boarding thing
Raven: with the reaction. It's not an attack, though, right? That's just forcing you to make it saved.
Timothy Sackton: Then it is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's just gonna swing its club at Raven
Raven: it misses.
Timothy Sackton: Is that
Raven: sixteen? Yeah, it misses again. It sucks It's never gonna have me literally, never.
Timothy Sackton: Finally the sniffy picture finishes on the satyr and palace. Your sword begins to glow red hot.
Oh, so!
Timothy Sackton: And it starts kind of giggling at you,
Timothy Sackton: and you need to make a
Timothy Sackton: Constitution saving the middle. Everyone's favorite by first. You take
Timothy Sackton: that for twenty for this damage.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Sorry I I accidentally clicked away from the
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): um. How much you said, Five
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): five points, and then constitution same as well. Con saves them actually d beyond that D. And d Beyond went away. Hold on a second.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Well, twenty. I mean roll twenty disappeared.
Timothy Sackton: There we go. That's back twenty-five. Okay, you do not drop your weapon, but you do have disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks until the start of your next turn.
Raven: It's like the giant
Timothy Sackton: it is till the start of the Saturn.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: It's brilliant. You're out
Spirala: all right.
Spirala: I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: next
Timothy Sackton: the center doesn't seem, or this creature doesn't seem at all bothered by It's the dead body of its friend next to it. Theoretically,
Raven: those immunity to poison. Just mean, i'm immune to the poison like damage. We take no damage from poison. But does it also mean i'm immune to the poisoned condition.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Raven: all
Raven: into a lot of things.
Raven: I don't know why, because of my mom.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Spirala: i'm just going to do this scorching ray again.
Raven: That was good. It seems like It's a long it's not looking at it, or anything like he's just.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: nothing. We did, but not that one again.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I don't think we for that giant very much.
Raven: I mean, I have one good.
Raven: It's a very much. But
Timothy Sackton: oh, there you go! That Does
Timothy Sackton: your first attack. Does your first run? He does.
Timothy Sackton: Why is there a plus there? A.
Timothy Sackton: It's very nice. I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it does eleven points of damage.
Spirala: All the attacks combined.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's the first one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So when Ray comes shooting out,
Spirala: I just keep hitting the
Spirala: um damage
Spirala: question role thing.
Spirala: Am I supposed to be rolling. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: the way scorching way works. If you read the spell is, it
Timothy Sackton: generates three rays. Uh-huh. Each of which does two D. Six damage if it heads right so, for everywhere you need to make an attack when you cast it at higher levels, it does one extra ray for each extra level. You cast the
Timothy Sackton: that means you need to roll extra attacks for each additional ray.
Spirala: I just don't understand why it just doesn't automatically do that for me. But fine.
Spirala: How many attacks have I cast?
Timothy Sackton: You've done two, but I still need damage for the second one.
Spirala: Okay, here we go.
Raven: Three damage them two more texts. Then, obviously for that, misses.
Spirala: That's fine.
Timothy Sackton: So you've rolled three,
Timothy Sackton: seventeen hits. That's four.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Keep rolling twenty, four hits,
Timothy Sackton: one more
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: pets
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that and sprawl's turn seeker you're up
Seeker: having trouble with my wi-fi again. So I think I missed something. But um, he's just a very boring round of me rolling over and over again.
Spirala: Not that's enough.
Seeker: So I think I'm going to have to move to command the
Seeker: ten to. Is that true?
Timothy Sackton: No, those are are willing to shout.
Seeker: Oh, yeah,
Spirala: So it's not good acoustics.
Um:
Seeker: basically I wanted to grapple the junk to try to cover its head.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I would say, That's just a normal grapple.
Raven: Poisons.
Timothy Sackton: So make a roll your athletics, Jack,
Timothy Sackton: for your
Raven: it's the like. You're a creation for you.
Seeker: Sorry I roll my own in six.
Timothy Sackton: No, that the the things athletics. So it's.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what it is because I don't have It's it's a plus four.
Timothy Sackton: So role, One V. Twenty plus four. It's not a lot of it,
Timothy Sackton: and the giant has disadvantage on,
Timothy Sackton: but it. The
Timothy Sackton: ten flies up into its head and like, tries to, and just like takes his hand and rips it down out of the way
Seeker: from the tent, can I?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's true. Ah, the even with the disadvantages
Timothy Sackton: fairly strong. And so it was. It's able to just rip it away. You still have your action
Seeker: right? So I can. I was thinking about trying to get in range for a wall of system.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The wall walking the giant.
Seeker: Yeah,
Raven: I would just have to be one which is a little risky, probably.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): So we we want to. I mean,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I just don't leave Raven to die. Is the main the main goal, Raven. Can you? Can you do anything at range, or you just only able to fight in close combat.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I I mean, I can throw one before damage darts. Okay, I just so. So. A strategy that involves
Raven: involved, I mean you can run up walls So that's not Yes, I can run up walls.
Raven: Hello,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you know, if you need to wall me off. Well, no, I was thinking of casting fog cloud right here to block the giants line of sight on this.
Seeker: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, well seeker, what are you doing for that?
Raven: I'm going to try to make a standard box around? I mean, if i'm in trouble I can probably just like run thirty feet up the wall when you can't touch me. So
Raven: to me it's in there, though i'm sure I can find a
Seeker: can. I make a roof on top of the block
Timothy Sackton: with Wallace. I don't think so.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could read this bell just as well as I could read this bell.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I was looking at ten ten foot by ten foot panels, so you can make a cube
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): good phone and crept out.
Timothy Sackton: But it does get a deck saving throw to avoid getting trapped by the wall, if you, if it would be completely enclosed,
Timothy Sackton: and it can't occupy the same space as a
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, it can push creatures so you could put it through raven space and have it pushed Raven in or out
Seeker: so if the shape is like this,
Raven: that's a total, but you so ten,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but they're fifteen feet on the so it's hard to box it in with, I mean, even if you did the interior one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You have twelve, right,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): ten panels. Of those are five feet. Sorry. Those are five, not ten feet. You have ten, ten foot panels.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah. So it's like I have a hundred feats or yeah, so you could box that that's sixty feet. You'd probably have some box in the tent.
Timothy Sackton: That's okay. I mean, remember, the giant is fifteen feet tall.
Seeker: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So if you want a box in the giant, I don't think you can box on the giant because you need to go.
Timothy Sackton: You need a cute. It's too large, i'm.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could make a little wall around it. It could just take its club and bash, rape it on the head over the ten foot wall. It's not really going to be a problem for it.
Raven: No, that's a great point. I wasn't thinking three to three d enough. I don't know why you're saying that keeps missing you. It's true. I have an Ac. Nineteen. It is disadvantage, and i'll never. It'll never have literally, never hit me literally not
Raven: I don't know why. I think it'll bash me
Raven: not. You're next. And then Raven. Yes,
Raven: I know what I'm doing. I'm not sure what the problem can. You hurt this theater and just try and kill it.
He
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I mean I don't.
Seeker: Is it holding a metal within the three? But it's no, it's not.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But so far it's just cast spouse. You can't make the D. The the train go away right,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but
Seeker: i'll just erupting earth again.
Raven: There's no way you can do it without hitting you also
Timothy Sackton: as an area
Raven: twenty, but I can.
Raven: What you do is it's gonna be.
Raven: Is that worth it
Raven: really? Do you have any?
Raven: It hit me, probably semi close to death. Go through
Timothy Sackton: right?
Seeker: Yeah, that's what I was saying. I might be worth it. It's not. I will launch some rocks at it, or I guess a rock.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Can you watch a rock such that the giant is in its line in case you miss,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I guess you probably know I forgot about that
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): like it's It's in a line.
Timothy Sackton: It is that I'm like there.
Seeker: Oh, I have to be okay. All. Thanks.
Seeker: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: You can just do like this. Yeah. And then the giants
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: not great decks,
Timothy Sackton: just like Ah, as the
Seeker: nice
Timothy Sackton: it turns in
Timothy Sackton: gazes at you. Okay? So how much damage is that?
Raven: Twenty one, twenty. One damage. Okay? Oh, that's pretty good. That's what That's what appears to have the old
Timothy Sackton: um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): call us. Okay, So should I block the giant so we can't
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): look at us.
Raven: I can you command of the this guy to ital like, How does this work?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I can make a cloud of fog.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It's a first travel rangers. It's not that powerful.
Raven: We are doing things
Raven: because I honestly think he's mostly trying to kill me right now. It might not be worth it.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Wow! It prevents the gaze from hitting anybody but you. I don't know if that helps us.
Spirala: Is the fog worth both ways. Can I not cast bills that I need to see is my target.
Raven: But here, yeah,
Raven: for there that works. Yeah,
Raven: or you could just kill this outer.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yes, it could just kill the Saturn.
Raven: Maybe that's more useful.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It's probably more useful than me. Okay, I'll just I'll just. I'll just attack this.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): And okay, remember that disadvantage.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I keep losing my character. She I don't know why.
Raven: Hey? Why does he have disadvantage because of heat metal? But if you hit it again it's probably bad.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and then i'm going to do some complicated move things once I attack it.
Raven: Okay, complicated thing.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): i'm the only one twelve misses twelve misses
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): fifteen misses right.
Timothy Sackton: No fifteen Ah, fifteen misses. Yes, it would hit. The giant
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): does not hit the center
Raven: kind of you know.
Raven: Maybe the curse is just really strong.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um, I don't know It's a It cast a spell.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um, i'm a ranger i'm. Fourth of Ranger,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): anyway.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah, I know this is moving slowly um
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): to for exactly what i'm doing.
Raven: They're both hitting it over the head with this. And then, my
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, i'm gonna do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Raymond.
Raven: I'm going.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Actually the giant.
Raven: Oh, sorry.
Raven: Oh, I'm sorry. My daughter is one d four plus five.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's keep it moving.
Seeker: Seventeen
Raven: uh seventeen hits. That's going to be eleven was
Raven: um uh uh the
Raven: eleven plus three fourteen damage. Okay, and then eleven misses. And this actually,
Raven: i'll add,
Raven: i'll spend. So my book with eleven i'll spend two key points to add,
Raven: add two.
Raven: Yeah, i'll. I'll spend two key points to add four.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Raven: low to fifteen.
Timothy Sackton: Got it,
Raven: and then that will be
Raven: ah nine damage
Raven: no
Raven: nineteen
Timothy Sackton: Got it. That'll be
Raven: nine
Raven: was
Raven: in the hand of harm.
Raven: The nine plus
Raven: another four,
Raven: and it's poison again,
Raven: and then all for your blows.
Raven: Okay, again, with my unarmed strike that I wall in my mind,
Raven: Is it worth spending another key point to focus?
Raven: Yeah, I'm: I'm going on. So yeah, you might as well.
Raven: Okay, I'll do another. Add to
Raven: um another eleven damage,
Timothy Sackton: and it explodes extremely wounded.
Raven: I am.
Timothy Sackton: No, I I will just looks it. It looks at call, and it says
Timothy Sackton: you could have passed.
Timothy Sackton: You've paid the toll, and then looks at Seeker, and you need to make a charisma saving throw.
Raven: We will not pay
Raven: Raven just there.
Raven: Three
Timothy Sackton: Speaker: you take
Raven: Win flashes out thirty five points of psychic damage, something they can re-roll with.
Raven: Whoa!
Raven: That's a little that's a little spicy. I don't know I do. You.
Timothy Sackton: That's a little.
Seeker: There's a little state
Timothy Sackton: you can motivate lets you re-roll
Timothy Sackton: it's a one use thing, but you could do that if you wanted to.
Seeker: Now, I'll take the thirty-five. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: you are cursed. Oh, No,
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: you like um begin to like hunch over slightly. One of your legs grows longer than the other leg.
Timothy Sackton: Your speed is halved.
Timothy Sackton: You have disadvantage on ability. Checks saving throws and strength or dexterity attacks.
Seeker: Oh, man!
Timothy Sackton: And that is going to swing its great sword at Raven, which is a twenty-eight that Oh, no, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Uh. Still, at twenty one that is,
Timothy Sackton: that's twenty points of damage. Oh, no,
Raven: it's a damage,
Timothy Sackton: but its second attack is uh seventeen. Yeah, this is.
Raven: Does that snowball, Then, because you can just keep targeting the thing with disadvantage to like dies of like a massive around some psychic image,
Timothy Sackton: it can only target each creature once with its evil eye.
Timothy Sackton: One, two, all right, once you make the save, it can't target you again. So yes, it can just keep destroying, absolutely murdering. Why, it's okay. I'm going to It's extremely wounded, and it it looks up and it looks. It looks at Seeker as it's turn ends, and it says,
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure you don't want to just pay the toll?
Bye,
Seeker: How much is it?
Timothy Sackton: One memory
Seeker: they've never
Raven: or of like
Raven: for it. She that like big yeah, like swirling
Timothy Sackton: the slow sasser is going to use its action to do an extra
Timothy Sackton: sorry satisfaction response. Section i'll check to do another ten points of fire damage to
Timothy Sackton: um.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It doesn't get to take books, since I know it gets one. So yes, it doesn't get an action
Timothy Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't matter if it's a bonus action or an accident, because it can't do something else. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: yes,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that ends its turn so that you're out,
Spirala: but I will. I do believe it doesn't matter.
Spirala: I will just despite. I will continue to practice my excellent
Spirala: spell that i'm so good at scorching ray
Raven: you you probably only to send like one or two at it hopefully, I know.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that hits, and that
Timothy Sackton: kills the giant, You see, as your scorching red heads, it stumbles back, and it falls over, and the stone begins to grow. The like dirt begins to like,
Timothy Sackton: grow up and encase its body and grow over it, and it sort of stinks a little bit
Timothy Sackton: um,
Raven: and at the same time the poison, like the like frost poison, just like
Raven: shoots through it, and just like
Raven: so the dirt just ends up, burying this like mostly for those in like freezer quarks.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can sign victorily covered by a tent.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can send other rays at the at the um, Mr. Thank you. The statue. It's the first satur, if you want to.
Spirala: Sure
Raven: was it? This meant a lot of that.
Raven: It was like six.
Timothy Sackton: It's also looking quite wounded.
Raven: Kill it, another one!
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and the heat metal ends, you notice. Call it your sword is no longer glowing hot.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: it is something one would notice,
Timothy Sackton: and that kills that as well. The The Saturn that falls down and the tossed dirt of the canyon floor. Here we seeker disrupted. It also begins to grow and cover both the two bodies of the center.
Raven: They're not frozen. I'm doing damage to them. They're not frozen
Spirala: self-cleaning ravine. How very fay
Seeker: Seeker stumbles forward and points to his leg can that a going to help me with this.
Raven: Uh, maybe
Raven: I have a thing it's not a very good thing,
Raven: maybe. Let's see.
Raven: Let me read this.
Raven: Ah, one disease is a disease. It's a curse not not sorry you don't remove curse or greater restoration. I have greater restoration. I just have physicians touch
Seeker: You Do think that sure rest. I'm: dying over here.
Seeker: Yeah, I think we should be able to see her.
Thank you
on my my legs
Raven: again. I'm dying,
but it was uncomfortable.
Raven: Do you need like stores in this? Is that what you're saying, Raven? He should rest. I I mean, I could, if if we think this is like an unsafe area I could.
Raven: I have an ability to like magically rejuvenate most of my resources once per day
Raven: I can do it during combat, so i'd rather save it
Raven: for a time during combat when we don't have the option to rest, anyway. But if we hit you with a cure wounds,
Raven: I mean it's mostly my key points.
Spirala: Oh,
Raven: I can. Once per day I can use my dragon out to regain, like basically all my key points.
Seeker: I request the tent to fly back over to me actually,
Seeker: so that I can see it inside of it.
Raven: Hey, that come over here. I want to sit in. You
Raven: Let's see in your notes
Seeker: it's uh it's voice controlled um flaps Also it's great. It will open a close. Can we run it through the cauldron and get Callis's memories back.
Seeker: Oh, interesting idea! I was thinking of the cauldron
Raven: you paid the toll.
Seeker: Yeah, what's in there?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah, What's in the cauldron?
Timothy Sackton: It looks empty. I mean the the ladle that they were stirring it with is
Timothy Sackton: is lying on the ground next to the cauldron, but it appears to be empty, and I pick up the ladle.
Seeker: Nice,
Timothy Sackton: you can.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay, yeah,
Spirala: You stir the cauldron.
Raven: Sure.
Timothy Sackton: I'll walk over to the if you put the ladle in it starts to
Timothy Sackton: bubble and hiss a little bit, and you can see all this like white foaming mass. Begin to bubble up from the bottom as you're stirring it
Seeker: cool
Timothy Sackton: feels strange like every now and then you'll get a just an incredibly brief flash of
Ah!
Timothy Sackton: You know an image of somewhere that goes fast to pass too quickly for you to recognize that, or just a sound or a name.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the longer you start the the like,
Timothy Sackton: the more um.
Timothy Sackton: These images just keep flashing before you make a wisdom saving throw,
Raven: I
Raven: Is it to avoid her and the charmed condition?
Timothy Sackton: No,
Raven: darn it, Eight,
Timothy Sackton: I was sure to avoid this.
Timothy Sackton: This is just fascinating.
Timothy Sackton: You're stirring, and you're stirring, and you can feel the like
Timothy Sackton: depths of memories. Here.
Raven: I didn't have ring. I don't need no wisdom saving girl
Timothy Sackton: every moment. It's just more and more interesting, and you can't make anything out. But you. You know that the only thing you want to do is just stand here forever experiencing the history of these people
Timothy Sackton: who have given their memories as a toll.
Timothy Sackton: It's just the most fascinating and
Timothy Sackton: deep experience you can ever remember having
Timothy Sackton: the rest of you. Just see I am the new keeper of this toll Booth,
Timothy Sackton: stirring and starting this cauldron and not stopping and just
Timothy Sackton: beginning to like their face, is beginning to sort of droop in a little bit into the cauldron as the Yeah. I'm going to just like, Push him up, take the weightle out of his hand, and like well, it was mine. No, you can't have it,
Raven: my brash, as
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: are you trying to resist? I mean, yes, Make a athletics against acrobatics.
Raven: I can use macrobatics.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Oh,
Raven: Oh, it rolled so bad!
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: the just grabs the ladle from your hand, and you you start back for a moment.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You mean my label. I'm gonna like toss it off into the hills and say, this is my Elen. All this is not safe. Come on, throw it at me. Brooda means hard as you can. I threw it off as far as I can like up into the rocks in the other direction,
Raven: threw it at me. I'm not throwing it at you or a rock at me.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I'm not throwing a rock at me.
Timothy Sackton: So you should know back to yourself. Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you are of this place metal, and these things will
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): result in
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): nothing good.
Raven: You touched my little,
Timothy Sackton: but the effect is wearing off now. No, it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not okay.
Raven: My legal.
Raven: I leave um. Where are we going now?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): We're finding the Cloud Palace.
Raven: Uh, yes,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the best place is to find the Crashed Cloud Palace.
Seeker: The even tide will help us correct. Let's go to the
Raven: It can be short rest,
Raven: or should we do that? Let's do A. Now you can rest if you want to. I would like to short rest for short resting. I will.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you take some time to gather your wrath, take a brief breather before you step out onto the plains. Um! You can see, like the the dirt that's been like grown over these um creatures begins to
Timothy Sackton: sort of pile up almost like making a grave.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: it
Timothy Sackton: like It's almost like, yeah, like the
Timothy Sackton: we're crawling to form this kind of pile around these three dead bodies.
Raven: Oh, twenty, six, That's really good at thyro
Raven: right? And that's part of my my key. Wait! Oh, I didn't roll the h this
Raven: um I
Raven: no, I I was like i'm good
Raven: the two, and oh, actually, before I can. I
Raven: can. I just do this before I short rest? Can I just
Raven: spend my last two key on
Raven: and the field?
Raven: Does anyone need
Raven: like,
Raven: How much healing do people need
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): done? I'm fine
Raven: Alright, fine.
Seeker: I
Raven: no All right. So this is for you
Raven: four. That's like the worst world, or whatever
Raven: to kill you again. Uh, Oh, that was the wrong one,
Raven: the
Raven: four and seven so eleven total
Seeker: to me. Thank you,
Raven: little all right,
all right. I'm feeling better now.
Timothy Sackton: So as you set out onto these amber planes,
Timothy Sackton: you you can. It's this
Timothy Sackton: clear, flat expanse as far as the I can see. In fact, you can see in the distance this ruined,
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: crumbling palace. It looks like
Timothy Sackton: it looks like a It was once like a floating airship, with like these, like elaborate wrought iron designs, and you know,
Timothy Sackton: banners and streamers hanging off of it, and it's crashed into the ground on its side, and those just like tatter, like twisted iron and
Timothy Sackton: cracked. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Everything is cracked. One part of it is like twisted and like broken in half like that, so like one part of it is still upright, and another part of it has rotated like thirty degrees with a with a crap. It's hard to judge the distance, although the direction is obvious. Um!
Timothy Sackton: And this is like many places in the fay. Wow! The sort of place where
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: just because you can see it doesn't mean it's easy to get to. But in this case
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: Kallas has traveled his path before and knows the ways to walk on these planes to avoid the
Timothy Sackton: loops and turns, and
Timothy Sackton: repeating paths that would mislead you and
Timothy Sackton: sway you. So,
Timothy Sackton: unless there's anything you want to discuss while you walk, I will
Timothy Sackton: skip ahead to the palace. Yes, I keep pestering colors about stealing. The little
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): cows will lecture you every once. I always be like you
Raven: thief
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): visits.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I am looking out for your safety. Your guide,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): This ladle was not safe for you. You would have become a new giant, a cursed guardian of the of the memories of that path,
Raven: i'd do better than he did.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Well might do better than he did. But is that the fake you wish?
Raven: Not particularly
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): stop complaining obligations. I rather i'd rather have a label
Raven: that would be great.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Do you like a ladle?
Raven: The
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Alice will hand you a ladle from his cook, set.
Timothy Sackton: So as you approach you this,
Timothy Sackton: you can see
Timothy Sackton: that the
Timothy Sackton: ah,
Timothy Sackton: the like partially intact part of this palace is a long open hall, with crumbling walls and these high arches. Delicate architecture. Um! Everything looks light and airy. Um,
Timothy Sackton: everything. Almost everything is gray. It's very little color anywhere in these these planes, so I forgot it. Have a
Timothy Sackton: this, too. Um!
Raven: Why, they're called amber.
Timothy Sackton: There used to be more color. It's sunset. Everywhere is sunset,
Timothy Sackton: like early sunset, as as the sky is just beginning to light up. But the color is flat, especially
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: clad, this crashed ruins of the Cloud Palace,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see in this hall.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: which is one of the only intact things
Timothy Sackton: here. There is a Fay woman
Timothy Sackton: pacing back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: She is wearing elaborate, courtly gowns, a necklace rings. She has long hair that's done up in a fancy hairstyle, and braided with like two combs in her hair. Um!
Timothy Sackton: But everything she is wearing is
Timothy Sackton: almost everything she is wearing is like a flat gray white, no very little color. One of the combs in her hair is this rich?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, mahogany color, and there's like a streak of golden blonde like one of her braids is golden blonde, and then you can see that two rings on another finger are. Ah,
Timothy Sackton: one is gold, the other is.
Timothy Sackton: It's like silver with a with a
Timothy Sackton: or with a pattern.
Timothy Sackton: And there's one she has those long draping sleeves, and one of the sleeves is this like rich yellow color, but everything else, or the rest of her clothes
Timothy Sackton: entirely
Timothy Sackton: gray,
Timothy Sackton: and as you approach
Timothy Sackton: she stops pacing,
Timothy Sackton: she turns to look at the four of you,
Timothy Sackton: and looks
Timothy Sackton: particularly at
Timothy Sackton: Call us,
Timothy Sackton: she says,
Timothy Sackton: why do you return? You are not welcome here.
Raven: What did you do?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Turn?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I have been here before, have I not?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I Am I'm guiding these folks to the
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): to? The last flight falls,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): points towards the dwarf. This this dwarf is
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): anxious to be gone from these realms,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): as
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): am I.
Timothy Sackton: She looks it, and you says we will discuss the dwarf later. But you know you cannot leave.
Raven: Why can't you leave?
Raven: What did I miss
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the war?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I must get back.
Timothy Sackton: The war is long over.
Timothy Sackton: Many things have happened.
Timothy Sackton: The Cloud Spinner is gone
Timothy Sackton: till she returns. You cannot be forgiven.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): You have told me this before,
Timothy Sackton: and yet you return, anyway.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): What of the dwarf
Timothy Sackton: she paces over.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): What is your price for you?
Timothy Sackton: Why do you seek last light Falls Dwarf,
Seeker: I see, to return
Seeker: back to my world, back to My!
Timothy Sackton: And why there? Why do you disturb the last
Timothy Sackton: remnants
Timothy Sackton: of my
Timothy Sackton: ladies realm?
Timothy Sackton: Why would you,
Timothy Sackton: father? Those of us who have been abandoned
Timothy Sackton: against our will by the Queen of Sunsets,
Seeker: seems to disturb no one.
Seeker: I'm told. This is the way to get back to where I need to go.
Seeker: What can I offer you in exchange
Seeker: free passage.
Timothy Sackton: She walks. She looks around. Do you want to say something, Raven?
Raven: Do I know anything about? Why, Why, like people think
Raven: clouds been her disappeared.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: make
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Pick a check to make, and what you learn will depend on what check you like.
Seeker: People?
Raven: Ah,
Raven: so if I had to actually pick a check, it would probably be acrobatics. But
Raven: it makes sense.
Timothy Sackton: So intelligence, or with
Timothy Sackton: a mental mental skill.
Raven: Oh, i'll say,
Raven: like insight, and try and see basically what she knows about.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Raven: thirteen. Not very good.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you you don't. I mean, you don't know any of the history here.
Timothy Sackton: But what we recognize in
Timothy Sackton: the demeanor of
Timothy Sackton: this Fay woman before you is
Timothy Sackton: a courtly lady in waiting, without a court
Timothy Sackton: like she has been left behind,
Timothy Sackton: but she has that courtly demeanor to her like.
Raven: Where did everyone else go?
Timothy Sackton: She looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Can you not guess? Winter night
Timothy Sackton: the dangers that a cell your borders and the light gets are sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: Those creatures are here
Timothy Sackton: all the time.
Timothy Sackton: If you could survive that onslaught,
those who could fled.
Timothy Sackton: Those who couldn't
Timothy Sackton: died or were changed.
Timothy Sackton: There's only I
Timothy Sackton: who keep alive
Timothy Sackton: my Queens
Timothy Sackton: memory.
Timothy Sackton: I know she will return one day
Timothy Sackton: when she does, she will rebuild this place.
Raven: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm speaking,
Timothy Sackton: sorry. Go ahead. Sometimes winter does not give way to spring
Timothy Sackton: in your experience. Is that true?
Timothy Sackton: Has the light dance ever not
Timothy Sackton: awakened.
Raven: That would
Raven: he fun?
Raven: But the light dancer also
Raven: is not
leave
Raven: behind there.
In the first place.
Raven: No, it is a possibility.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): What? What was your name? The Cloud Spinner
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Spinner did not abandon this place of her own will.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): No speak, no like Kyle's looks sort of annoyed at raven like
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Don't speak about these
any pauses
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): stories?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): No, I I remember something,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): anyway. Don't speak of them as if you know what what has happened here.
Sort of
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): bows to way to even tide slightly.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I have undertaken to see these.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): See this,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): this travel or forward. Would you consider granting
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): your favorite to him. I asked nothing for myself.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): What price would you ask?
Timothy Sackton: Turns and walks over to seeker
Timothy Sackton: sort of looming over you?
Timothy Sackton: What would you give?
Timothy Sackton: What is this boon worth to you, Dwarf
Timothy Sackton: She, like runs her
Timothy Sackton: like, reaches out and kind of runs her finger through your like, almost just not quite touching, but almost touching your beard.
Timothy Sackton: Would you give
Timothy Sackton: color of your hair?
Seeker: Oh, dear,
Seeker: I am rather attached to my beautiful
Seeker: locks and beard, but
Timothy Sackton: maybe the color of your eyes. She leans forward
Timothy Sackton: kind of eagerly.
Seeker: Wow!
Seeker: Oh, dear,
Okay,
Seeker: Um.
Seeker: If I lost the color of my eyes, would I still be able to see, as before.
Timothy Sackton: She opens her eyes, and you can see that her pupils are. Her eyes are completely colorless. They're just like gray
Timothy Sackton: I can still see.
Seeker: Ah,
Seeker: my beard, maybe the color of my beard.
Seeker: You can take that instead.
Seeker: I I I I quite highly value my
Seeker: okay,
Spirala: perhaps
Spirala: a boon that does not have to come from the dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: He is the one who wishes to travel, is he not? He could take the color from
Raven: half
Raven: of my
Raven: ensemble.
Timothy Sackton: You are a creature without color already, Raven.
Timothy Sackton: What would I take from you,
Raven: as well as the
Timothy Sackton: reaches forward, like towards seeker,
like reaching for one of the braids of your beard,
Seeker: my lady, how did you lose your color in the first
Timothy Sackton: pick? A persuasion check?
Seeker: Nice!
Timothy Sackton: That is a long tail.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: perhaps you
Timothy Sackton: deserved to know
Timothy Sackton: before you consider
Timothy Sackton: what you will trade
Timothy Sackton: the Cloud Spinner,
Timothy Sackton: my queen.
Timothy Sackton: She would spin
Timothy Sackton: reds of the most
Timothy Sackton: glorious colors from the sky, from the sunset, from the clouds,
Timothy Sackton: from the grass, from
there
Timothy Sackton: vivid tales of
Timothy Sackton: people's,
Timothy Sackton: stories of their travels, from the sound of the music of the court,
Timothy Sackton: and everything
Timothy Sackton: was infused with the color
Timothy Sackton: of her magic,
the golds of sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: deep blues and
Timothy Sackton: amber
Timothy Sackton: queues of the
sky in the grass.
Timothy Sackton: She looks over at call us.
Timothy Sackton: He knows if he won't give it. If he won't, say
Timothy Sackton: it was his people.
Timothy Sackton: They took her,
Timothy Sackton: trapped her for the
Timothy Sackton: magic of her threads
Raven: very ashamed,
Timothy Sackton: and with
Timothy Sackton: her spinning whale, and
Timothy Sackton: one is that you make yarn with,
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, with her a coutureman's gone,
Timothy Sackton: the color drains drained from the court,
Timothy Sackton: and it is only by the gifts of travelers
Timothy Sackton: do I have anything left
Seeker: colored spots on you
Seeker: from the um
generosity?
Seeker: Well,
Timothy Sackton: you have little choice if you would wish to leave
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: crossing at last light falls
Timothy Sackton: can only be crossed
Timothy Sackton: when the last light of day strikes the
Timothy Sackton: water on the opposite side.
Timothy Sackton: And yet how would you know such a time is happening in this place
Timothy Sackton: without my gift?
Seeker: You've noticed that time is confusing.
Seeker: Well, I see that your hair is mostly colorless.
Seeker: Ah, and
Seeker: I've got deep red here.
Seeker: Ah, so perhaps it delete my beard as it is,
Seeker: but you could take the color of the hair on my head
Timothy Sackton: that would look kind of weird.
Timothy Sackton: I will take
Timothy Sackton: only some of the color
Timothy Sackton: of your hair.
Timothy Sackton: Well, this
Timothy Sackton: it will go Well,
Timothy Sackton: she reaches forward, and she grabs like one like thick strand of hair, like like a good sized chunk. But just like one streak basically
Timothy Sackton: from the hair. He had white streak down the center of my head. Exactly,
Timothy Sackton: and as she grasps onto it, you just see, like a flash for a moment of the court
Timothy Sackton: as it was with
Timothy Sackton: hundreds of Fay in this palace that's floating in the sky, resting on a cloud above a golden sunset.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: the Queen of sunset or south
Timothy Sackton: dancing uh in the court, moving from person to person, dancing with everybody, wearing a
Timothy Sackton: app
Timothy Sackton: address of this
Timothy Sackton: amazing, like multicolored multi huge thread like hundreds of
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Hughes all weaving together.
Um!
Timothy Sackton: And as she,
Timothy Sackton: as she danced as she moves like it just ripples, and you can see the waves of color, sort of moving out in all directions from the court,
Timothy Sackton: and then the image ends, and
Timothy Sackton: you have a streak of completely white hair going back down the side, and you can see, like this color sort of flow into her hand and move up her arm and then move. And now she has a streak of red hair next to the streak of blonde hair.
Timothy Sackton: She sort of
Timothy Sackton: bows, and she says, I thank you, dwarf,
Timothy Sackton: and she takes
Timothy Sackton: um the So there's this one sleeve, that's all. It colored brightly, colored like golden golden
Timothy Sackton: amber, and she takes and begins to unravel one thread from that.
Timothy Sackton: And She takes this threat, and she
Timothy Sackton: wraps it up, and she hands it to you, and she says,
Timothy Sackton: do not lose this for
Timothy Sackton: It's light
Timothy Sackton: will always be the light
Timothy Sackton: the other side,
Timothy Sackton: and as she hands it to you as you take it in your hand, it turns black, turns like midnight dark.
Timothy Sackton: It is midnight
Timothy Sackton: on the other side.
Timothy Sackton: So watch,
Timothy Sackton: and when the last golden
Timothy Sackton: ray of sunlight
Timothy Sackton: catches, this thread,
Timothy Sackton: last light falls will open, and you may step through to the other side.
Seeker: You see,
Seeker: I think you need it.
Raven: We just got to get there.
Timothy Sackton: Getting there is not hard.
Timothy Sackton: If you stay in the light
Timothy Sackton: it is the shadows
Timothy Sackton: that will get you.
Seeker: How do we stay in the mind?
Timothy Sackton: You will see when you arrive.
Timothy Sackton: Sunset is all around. You
Timothy Sackton: should not be that difficult.
Raven: Onward
Timothy Sackton: she kind of
Timothy Sackton: gives about to you.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you
Timothy Sackton: for your gift to our
Timothy Sackton: and may your
Timothy Sackton: travels the
Timothy Sackton: it will not say
Timothy Sackton: safe, for I do not think you are going
Timothy Sackton: somewhere safe.
Timothy Sackton: Will your travels be fruitful
Timothy Sackton: and accomplish what you seek to accomplish,
Timothy Sackton: and you,
Timothy Sackton: my friends of Shimmer song.
Timothy Sackton: Stay well
Timothy Sackton: and callous.
Timothy Sackton: Do not return again
Timothy Sackton: so casually,
Timothy Sackton: without an apology in our plan to undo the wrongs you did.
Seeker: Well,
Timothy Sackton: my sense, you are
Timothy Sackton: lost,
Timothy Sackton: but there is hope to be found.
Timothy Sackton: The war, you remember, is long over, but other wars
Timothy Sackton: other wars still rage,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): remember.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Cows looks a little
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): small, almost like he's a little bit
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): lost. But like he's
remembering something
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): great. Lady,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): where would you walk for hope?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Do not
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): know how I can atone until I can remember what I did.
Timothy Sackton: Amber Glow
Timothy Sackton: holds nothing for you anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you linger here?
Timothy Sackton: What is it you hope to find
Timothy Sackton: in this place?
Timothy Sackton: There are,
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: are blessed
Timothy Sackton: with freedom to wander,
Timothy Sackton: travel onwards,
Timothy Sackton: seek twilight and evening,
Timothy Sackton: or seek the morning to the West. Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: there are
Timothy Sackton: in the wide expanses of this world that I cannot visit. There must be clues
Timothy Sackton: to where the Cloud Spinner
Timothy Sackton: still
Timothy Sackton: is trapped.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I stay here. We're living. The past
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): feels not
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): like the past,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but I will think I knew where
Timothy Sackton: you have been here too long. But yes, do think
Timothy Sackton: and go.
Timothy Sackton: Keep your companions safe.
Timothy Sackton: That, at least is atonement
in here now.
So
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I lost a tiny bit of track of what she told us to do. Just find the place where they, in the light
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): thing shows that it's light basically
Timothy Sackton: and stay in the light. And you gotta find I mean, the line line of trees again. You know how to find that right? Right? Right right. Let's go
Spirala: the back door in palace. We look for the trees, and we chop down each tree
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): totally burn them to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: So as you
Timothy Sackton: as you approach um
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: you know you spend some more time traveling through this this
Timothy Sackton: these planes of
Timothy Sackton: of
Timothy Sackton: of grass,
Timothy Sackton: the sunset
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: low in this. Ah, the sun low in the sky, and you can see now in the distance. Um! This line of trees that callous is leading you towards,
Timothy Sackton: and you can see,
Timothy Sackton: as you begin to approach,
Timothy Sackton: the long shadows cast by these trees,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): do not, I think, stand in the shadows if we can.
Spirala: When we were leaving the palace, if there was any like grass or anything growing anywhere near it, I sort of flowered it up for her.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yeah, there is grass growing around if they are bad.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you just
Timothy Sackton: begin to walk
Timothy Sackton: in between the shadows of the trees. Yeah. Well, if the shadows are going one way, don't, we just walk on the other side.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah, are the shadows consistent like there's a single point of light or
Timothy Sackton: so. It's a line of trees like this, like in the distance, like twenty or thirty trees, just like all in a line, and you're you got a head
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): to the trees, and so there's my shadows coming towards you.
Spirala: Uh.
Seeker: So the lines this way.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the line is the line, and we're we're, we're walking like this, so we're we're perpendicular, not parallel.
Timothy Sackton: They're all lined up in the right direction, but they seem to like
Timothy Sackton: like like move they wiggle a little bit. They seem to like move a little bit occasionally like
Timothy Sackton: It's probably
Timothy Sackton: three hundred feet or so to the line of trees.
Seeker: I have a humor to be up in the air.
Timothy Sackton: It's probably my shadows.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Can Can anybody cast fly?
Yeah,
Seeker: you can't automate,
Timothy Sackton: I can. Yeah, you can. You can spend a total of my stuff out to do it again.
Seeker: All right about that. Thank you.
Seeker: The third Level.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. But only one of you can ride on the
or maybe two in a pinch.
Timothy Sackton: Generally speaking, we've said what well-be and seeker can ride on it, but
Timothy Sackton: none of you are small. I mean The fairy's spiral is small, but she can already fly right.
Seeker: I can't teleport thirty feet,
Raven: so I can like.
Raven: I also
Raven: ball the plunge, but I can't like
Spirala: I mean I can make light. We can just sort of keep the hundred shadows. Wait, Yeah, My sword can shed bright light in it like thirty-four radios.
I could just dimension door to step past the trees.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): We let's see if this Why, don't we just dimension to her. Let me teach it. Okay, you dimension one more than one person.
Raven: I think it's only me, him and one other person now, but I can. What if I So I pull out my um crystal blade, and I will
Raven: um
Raven: say
Raven: that to be
Raven: let the beauty of winter's ice shine,
Raven: and like the sword,
like
Raven: blue light, emanates from the sword, and uh
Raven: thirty-foot radius bright light around me. Does that do anything to the shed? Nose?
Raven: Um it all away from the one?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, is it?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it's just, is it? It's just what It's just your crystal sword. Right? Yeah, It's my crystal sword, which is a rare. My,
Timothy Sackton: but it's not like.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: okay,
Timothy Sackton: no. The The darkness
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The darkness pushes back on the light you need. You need stronger light to push back the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: You need something like daylight or dawn, or something
Timothy Sackton: powerful, so like that cast radiance of the done
Spirala: Channel divinity.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, Well
Spirala: use my holy symbol to dispel any magical darkness within thirty feet.
Raven: What is the one use?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Does it stay up, or is it just going to dispel it within thirty feet, and then gone?
Spirala: I don't know i'm never. It's a con.
Spirala: Let us out of the action.
Spirala: Channel divinity
Spirala: asterdam.
Timothy Sackton: So it don't so you you uh spell and clothes with this bright light, and like, holds up her hand, and
Timothy Sackton: the the darkness the like shadows. Retreat, scunner, scurry away from
Timothy Sackton: from you.
Timothy Sackton: But this only one. It's not like a permanent thing. So you, I mean, like you can go thirty feet closer. But it's not.
Timothy Sackton: You don't. You don't glow for like a minute.
Timothy Sackton: I'm only driving away the
Seeker: Can you do that again?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But to cover three hundred feet we'd have to do it.
Timothy Sackton: You can't do it ten times. You can only do it twice.
Spirala: But I mean, could we just go
Spirala: as fast as we can in between the shadows, thinking that we're trying to just generally actually dodge them, and if it gets
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): perilously narrow I could do it. Yeah, that's that's probably the best. Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you begin what order. It's fairly narrow. You can, basically after a single file, to walk between the
Raven: ready to face, step
Raven: away to a light spot, if anything.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: he's going. Second,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): i'll go second, so that I go last.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't want to create light ahead of us. We can all run to so um everybody make a dexterity saving throw.
Raven: Is it to avoid or on the
Timothy Sackton: No,
Timothy Sackton: you know I don't think
Raven: I only ruled the twelve not cool.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: You get the first
Timothy Sackton: one hundred feet or so dodging out of the way of, you know, a few like creeping bits of shadow that attempt to um
Timothy Sackton: to to grab you, and as you're now sort of. In the midst of these long shadows you feel the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: just the like cold and dark of the shadows themselves beginning to
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: creep into your mind, and everybody make a wisdom saving throne,
Spirala: Is it to avoid her and the charm condition
Raven: seventeen?
Spirala: Are we entering the shadows? Can I just light up the lights. How does this happen?
Raven: The The shadows
Timothy Sackton: so? Um the shadows make us.
Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you see, you all like start to go forward again like you're walking this like narrow path down It's getting narrower and narrower.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: and you you notice, like about, after about a minute that Callous has
Timothy Sackton: stopped moving, and the darkness is beginning to like creep
Timothy Sackton: for him. It's almost not even that. The darkness is moving. It's that
Timothy Sackton: where he is standing is beginning to get just darker and darker and darker.
Raven: Light it up
Spirala: alright, So i'm channeled to be again.
Spirala: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: call for a moment. You feel like The world is like getting cold and dark, and there's no point in continuing.
Timothy Sackton: You should just lie down in the darkness and say goodbye to the sun forever. And then there's this burst of light,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: um!
Timothy Sackton: Suddenly you've You come back to yourself
Timothy Sackton: uh as the light of Sprella's um blessing surrounds you, and you all make it another one hundred feet to the last one hundred feet uh, and now it almost feels like you're like the darkness you're pushing against,
Timothy Sackton: is,
Timothy Sackton: It's just
Timothy Sackton: it's a chill. It's
Timothy Sackton: just the better cold of of winter's night. Every make a constitution saving throw raven with advantage, because I have to, because of your character
Raven: barely helped.
Raven: Wait plus two. I'll take it
Timothy Sackton: that's not great. Um! Did you see a role for me, or I didn't see a role for you. Well, again,
Raven: just like reacts,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, Seeker can give us some Bartic inspiration.
Raven: Yes, please. Oh, help me, thank you.
Raven: Who is the closest to succeeding.
Uh, well, Ravens, our is fine,
Raven: so give it to me
Raven: because you're doomed. Anyway,
Seeker: I send you on the
Timothy Sackton: please don't roll the da
Raven: me, or
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): you.
Timothy Sackton: It was a seven. I Okay. So um raven and umbrella uh shake off the cold. But
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: seeker and and
Timothy Sackton: callous, You feel like ice beginning to creep up your legs,
Timothy Sackton: and you are now restrained.
Timothy Sackton: It's getting colder and darker, and you're starting to feel, Alan, how far away are we from somewhere not restrained
Timothy Sackton: like fifty feet.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, uh
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait! Hold on
Timothy Sackton: What's going on.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Somebody saying something. I was. I was about to do something. I can't hear you Now,
Spirala: can you hear me
Raven: right?
Timothy Sackton: My audio is just like
Timothy Sackton: freaking out. Sorry. Hold on! We can hear you
Timothy Sackton: worst time.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Okay, say something. Now
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I was going to cast misty step.
Timothy Sackton: No, it's not working,
Spirala: can I?
Raven: I think we're too well. I think we should all just run.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, say something again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see if I can get another ten minutes out of my air pods. Because I don't know why my computer speaker is not working.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Sorry. What were you all saying? What are you going to do? I was going to cast misty step.
Raven: I was not trying to take the ice on seekers legs.
Raven: You also feel right.
Raven: My position catches useless. It doesn't end the restrained condition.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Can you just cast the mention door?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): But you have to walk through it. Yeah,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Now you have to.
Raven: Oh, can I try and break the ice?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sure!
Timothy Sackton: Um! How are you attempting to break the ice
Raven: hitting it?
Timothy Sackton: I know you don't have to walk through the You don't have to walk through Dimension Door.
Timothy Sackton: There's a that's a different spell that's like Arcane Gate or something Dimension George is. Alright, Well, then, I'll just walk forward twenty. Then I'll just walk forward
Timothy Sackton: right
Seeker: so as
Spirala: you to just magic there yourself, out of your problems.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yup. Why would you really do anything else if I were magic? For
Timothy Sackton: so, as you
Timothy Sackton: make the last
Timothy Sackton: step through this, through these trees,
Timothy Sackton: you see in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, glorious,
Timothy Sackton: rolling plane of
Timothy Sackton: beautiful, colorful like a field of flowers.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: In the middle a cliff that has just like
Timothy Sackton: like a a waterfall that doesn't have quite enough water for the water to totally reach the bottom and form a pool, but it's this beautiful sort of rainbow spray cascading down the side of the cliff,
Timothy Sackton: and you see sitting in meditation at the top of the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: human
Timothy Sackton: wearing
Timothy Sackton: um robes with holding this wooden staff that's carved with like all sorts of runes and decorations, two pieces of jade on the top.
Um
Timothy Sackton: ah hood thrown back,
Timothy Sackton: and that's where we'll stop. So Kong can actually greet you himself at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, amazing
Timothy Sackton: there! What? Ah Raven
Timothy Sackton: returns to? Well, you can role, Play out how you guys leave
Timothy Sackton: the the um human Panzo at the top of the cliff like waves down to you, and starts to make his way down, as you say, goodbye to your companions,
Raven: you know.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Callous will sort of
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): salute,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): and wish you a good journey.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Um!
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): And look at the other two
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): clearly fake creatures, and sort of
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): nod at you and say, I do not think you need
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): guidance Here
Raven: I am going.
Raven: It is almost time for a spoil to return to the caves and
Raven: the Internet.
Raven: I wouldn't want to miss that,
Spirala: for perhaps you could be a guide for Callus, and he could explore shimmer song.
Raven: Who
Spirala: Raven? Perhaps you could be a guy for callous, and he could explore shimmers on.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I would
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): welcome the opportunity
Raven: on two island.
Spirala: Why, don't I invite him so? He just said,
Spirala: Oh, because I want to hang out here for a little while and make sure that a seeker gets through it the right kind of light
Seeker: that the thread, after all.
Timothy Sackton: Now Sparrell is going to play because Brisbane still outside the fay wild. So Kate's going to play his brella for like the mini fay wild art before you guys all leave so as an aside. We never got that one into the fate wild,
Timothy Sackton: i'm. I'm going to figure that out. I mean
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): he has the light
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): thing. Yes, we might have to email a little bit. Um,
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to sort. I will start the editor man. It's the order that deal with is going to be the last to arrive.
Seeker: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: I think, unless well, he manages to get himself killed
Timothy Sackton: next Friday.
Seeker: What is that?
Seeker: Am I in that one?
Timothy Sackton: It's up to you if you want to be,
Raven: which one is the one I
Raven: They already finished that
Raven: the jungle one with the
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Raven: it was that.
Timothy Sackton: That was just Eric and Kong
Seeker: right. That was kind of the dark.
Raven: I made all the monsters
Raven: you're watching, so
Timothy Sackton: so you goes head towards your son. Yes, once right. So they depart. Sprella waits with Seeker
Timothy Sackton: for Kenza to come down from the top of the cliffs and greet each other, and then
Timothy Sackton: for well-be and dulleth to arrive eventually and
Timothy Sackton: proceed. And as
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: as they
Timothy Sackton: as everybody leaves Speaker, you hear a little voice in your head.
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: we're so close.
Timothy Sackton: The grove is just
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: A short distance east of here.
Timothy Sackton: You're actually going to bring me there, aren't you.
Seeker: I have a face girl trapped in a ring.
Raven: A. What
Seeker: of a Face Spirit?
Seeker: Who is my brought back here?
Raven: The Cloud Spinner?
Seeker: No.
Seeker: Who instantly
Seeker: person.
Seeker: Perhaps Raven can help you with that.
Seeker: Oh, but we haven't already left.
Raven: Uh
Raven: sorry Who?
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Raven? Well, we're we're in. We're in. We' to have a face spirit to guide back somewhere, and maybe recover a few memories.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): That'd be a fun imaginary one shot that I would never actually
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): happen. But
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): but that'd be sort of cool.
Raven: You have to give up the ring, though.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah, you would have to give up the ring.
Timothy Sackton: But what is the ring? I mean, it's totally up to you.
Timothy Sackton: Just give you advantage on saving drugs against being charmed, and
Raven: yours is probably not powered by a trapped face. Spirit. No, it's powered by Rafi spirit, though
Timothy Sackton: with the
Timothy Sackton: it's the advantage on savings for us against being charmed in. Yeah, that's the one
um
Spirala: i'm immune to being put to sleep. So you know my famous is better than your famous. Why, don't you go to sleep then?
Raven: Good night, Isaac,
Spirala: hearing this banging voice,
Seeker: I like the idea of closing the arc of
Timothy Sackton: You're not right now.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, we can, Because the plan was to my hope was that we were going to do a
Timothy Sackton: like Camp Fire Bottle episode, where we can do like a session restart, and then
Timothy Sackton: everybody can recap their adventures just like sort of a Mini session, and then, and you can decide then whether what you, whether
Timothy Sackton: what you're gonna do, Because if you're going to do the type of thing I need to write that, but that'll just be one session if you do it.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't have to decide until
Timothy Sackton: uh we could all go free to female. Is that what you're saying? I'm saying you can. You can either. You don't have to decide. Now, if you want to
Timothy Sackton: give, tell us the ring or not, you can recon it.
Timothy Sackton: We can just leave it sort of this weird, ambiguous thing. And then, once you've all discussed it, seeker it can either be like,
Timothy Sackton: let's go free, Titina, or
Timothy Sackton: so it could be like
Timothy Sackton: I gave Typhine to call us.
Timothy Sackton: I see
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): squared away. Um, i'm going to say good night. Good night. Yeah, i'm tired. I'm going to go to bed, too. But yeah, that that was fun, Tim.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah, I I like the like,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): he the way I I enjoyed playing that character.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): I like riffing. I mean, we didn't role play that like the riffing off of uh with him, and I had not made up anything right. I didn't know where the Cloud Spinner was. That was all. Totally
Timothy Sackton: person taken by drank, or who spins threat of. But multicolored dread was obvious enough for you,
Timothy Sackton: person. Obviously not. Think about it for a while,
for both of you.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): The person taken by drink, or who's been? Oh, that was in the story that
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Oh, Cloud Spinner,
I'm taking my train car spins multicolored thread.
Timothy Sackton: Think about it, Someday it will come to you who spins multicolored thread.
Timothy Sackton: That's better.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Yeah. But
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): do we know some native multicolored tread that artifacts
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): the cloak?
Timothy Sackton: I'm not gonna tell you if you're right. But
Timothy Sackton: just think about it.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): It is made of multicolored thread.
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): Do we have something, Drake chorion that's made of multicolored thread. That's magical,
Seeker: Don't overthink it.
Timothy Sackton: Just don't don't totally forget about it. I'll write up sessions for all of these one shots. But during good Thanksgiving break So
Timothy Sackton: okay, good night, everybody. Good night. Okay,
Caulaus Aportino (he/human/fighter): that you guys later.